


















































US Military Speak Out: "America Is Under Attack! Prepare Yourself Now”! - A Must See Video | War and Conflict | Before It's News



















You're using an Ad-Blocker.
BeforeItsNews only exists through ads.We ask all patriots who appreciate the evil we expose and want to
help us savage the NWO with more Truth to disable your ad-blocker on our site only so we can grow and expose more evil!Funding
gives us more weapons! Thank you patriots! Oh and If you disable the Ad-blocker - on your deathbed you will receive total
consciousness. So you got that going for you...which is nice!



Disable
Dismiss




 
Before It's News











Featured |
Economy |
Health |
Beyond Science |
Power of Belief |
Sustainable Living|
Inspiration |
Live |
Video |
Top 50 |
Most Recent |
Shopping |
Categories









Read the Beforeitsnews.com story here.
Advertise at Before It's News here.








By John Rolls
 (Reporter)
Contributor profile |
More stories







Story Views



Now:



Last hour:



Last 24 hours:



Total:





 






US Military Speak Out: "America Is Under Attack! Prepare Yourself Now”! - A Must See Video


Thursday, October 21, 2021 10:00 






% of readers think this story is Fact. Add your two cents.


























***Support BeforeItsNews By Trying HerbAnomic Natural Health Building Products Including Humic & Fulvic Liquid Trace Mineral Complex, Immusist Beverage Concentrate & UltraCur Bio-Available Curcumin—NOW NEW HNEX HydroNano Extracellular Oxygen Delivery System Product–SEE BELOW! Click Here For More Information & To Order!***
Click Here

We made this crowdsourced documentary series in collaboration with Special Forces. It features many soldiers, Marines, operators, IC members, police, sheriffs, marshals, veterans, doctors, nurses and patriots from all walks of life who are risking everything to defend the American people and freedom worldwide. 






The fog of war is about to get extremely thick. To counter confusion, we are releasing the first 4-parts of this series in one 4-hour video file here.
Here is the statement we put out:
National Security Alert: Act of War, Thousands of U.S. Special Forces and Combat Troops Discharged as Total Force ‘Vaccination’ Decimates Military Readinesshttps://degraw.substack.com/p/national-security-alert-act-of-war
Our website / social network: https://pogsof.com/

National security alert: Thousands of U.S. Special Forces and combat troops discharged as total force ‘vaccination’ decimates military readiness
(Natural News) An estimated 350,000 of our military service members are being dishonorably discharged for refusing to take a completely unnecessary and experimental mRNA nanotech injection, which is now proven to degrade immune systems and cause many serious side effects. 






(Article by David DeGraw republished from GlobalResearch.ca)
Committing Total Force to these reckless injections, which do not protect troops from getting COVID, and, in fact, increase the threat of the spread and result in many provable side effects, is the greatest failure of military leadership in our history, at best. At worst, it is a deliberate treasonous attack against the U.S. military by the top of the Chain of Command.
To make matters even worse, an estimated 450,000 service members have recently been injected with the non-FDA approved Pfizer shot, even though many were falsely led to believe that they were getting the FDA-approved version, which is not even available in the U.S..
The outright lies, confusion and shocking lack of knowledge and incompetence demonstrated over the past week throughout the Chain of Command, which is covered in our 4-hour video here, is a low point in U.S. military history.
As you are reading this, many of these coerced troops are now beginning to experience side effects and COVID infection rates are increasing throughout the force. Many pilots are now grounded because of high risks of blood clots and heart failure while flying.
An estimated 400,000 military service members did not want the nanotech injections but submitted to taking them because they couldn’t afford to live without pay, benefits and the devastating scarlet letter of a dishonorable discharge.
A dishonorable discharge has severe ramifications when it comes to being employed throughout the civilian workforce. It is essentially sentencing many of our troops to a life of low-wage work and poverty in the draconian mandate economy, which also now demands injections for many jobs, with all the severe economic sanctions under the guise of “public health” that they will now face in civilian life.
Based on our assessments, it is now clear the Global Private Military Complex has captured the top of the U.S. military Chain of Command and is systematically degrading the U.S. military as part of a worldwide strategy to weaken national civilian militaries.
Our military is their greatest adversary and primary target.
Make no mistake, to dishonorably discharge thousands of our most elite fighting forces is a blatant Act of War against the American people.
The all-out systemic attacks against the American people are Acts of War.
There are so many outrageously corrupt activities and systemic abuses presently happening under the guise of “public health” throughout the government that it is now very obvious that the American people do not have any effective representation on the federal level.
The dishonorable discharge policy also makes it likely that many of our most elite fighting forces will now be inclined to take jobs as mercenaries in the Global Private Military Complex to support their young families – how convenient.
The American people are now up against the same imperial playbook of policies that have been strategically deployed to destabilize the Middle East, Latin America and many other nations worldwide.  Now, the globalist “War on Terror” is targeting first world populations. This “mandate” attack against our military, police, doctors, nurses and other critical sectors is tactical destabilization 101.
Bottom line, there are significant numbers of people throughout the Intelligence Community, military, and Special Forces in particular, who know Rome has fallen.
The “New World Order” terrorists attacking humanity have become absurdly arrogant.  We are experiencing the imperial overreach that occurs when an endangered oligarchy’s power structure collapses.
The compromised Biden Administration has also launched an attack against all U.S. veterans who do not submit to nanotech injections. As of November 1, all non-injected veterans will be denied V.A. healthcare – another Act of War to add to the long list of abuses.
There is also a new “Red Flag” gun law that targets veterans and newly discharged troops. If anyone reports them for vague and minor suspensions, they will have their guns taken away from them.
The Biden Administration is even trying to call in the United Nations’ Blue Helmet troops to be deployed throughout the U.S. to enforce international gun control and undermine our 2nd Amendment rights.
Everything that has happened over the past week is all coming right after a “deliberately botched” Afghanistan withdrawal, which was strategically designed to destroy troop morale and create division throughout the ranks.
In fact, Lt. Col. Stuart Sheller, who has been fighting this war for 17 years and is the highest ranking Marine to publicly speak out — after 13 of his fellow troops were unnecessarily killed — and demanded accountability from the top of the Chain of Command, is now a political prisoner in pre-trial brig solitary for an indefinite period of time, while no charges have even been filed against him.
Crimes Against Humanity
All of this is happening as more than 7,800 doctors and scientists have signed a “Physicians  Declaration” condemning policymakers for “authoritarian” strategies that have resulted in “needless illness and death,” which amount to “Crimes Against Humanity.”
As we covered in our video, official COVID policies have led to over 500,000 unnecessary civilian deaths throughout the United States.  The systemic shutdown of well-proven life-saving, safe and effective treatments, in favor of now well-proven harmful treatments, is blatant systemic medical malpractice.
Based on our assessments, it is clear that COVID is a bio-weapon that has been strategically released, and the spike protein and other ingredients in the mRNA nanotech injections are weaponized.
We also know that lockdowns have done significantly more harm than good, and now, with all these new mandates, our doctors, nurses and millions of essential workers throughout every sector of the economy are losing their jobs.
We are witnessing the deliberate incremental systematic dismantling and destruction of our country. The Global Private Military Complex is tactically turning America into Afghanistan and Iraq.
The amount of military movement throughout and around the continental U.S. is highly alarming. The designation and building of “internment facilities” under the guise of “public health,” and the fortification of Walmarts across the country, is also concerning.
The shocking complete opening of our entire Southern border by the Biden Administration is another new major National Security threat. We have credible intelligence that terrorists, drug cartels and global intel-backed mercenaries have entered the country and are being strategically deployed throughout the United States.
They are primarily targeting critical infrastructure and essential services, supply lines and states that are not enforcing “injection” mandates.
We are also deeply concerned about all the cargo ships that are now overwhelming all of our ports.  Our supply lines of essential goods are being strategically disrupted and these ships and their unknown cargo represent an urgent critical National Security threat.
As we covered in our video, weapons systems, missiles and drones are suspected to be in some of these cargo ships.  The military must immediately inspect and process every container.
We have a wide-open Southern border and we are surrounded by hundreds of cargo ships. In totality, it is a complete shitshow of systemic breakdown, corruption, incompetence and arrogance, and all this is happening right after the botched Afghanistan exit, which killed 13 troops and left behind $85 billion in weapons – and now we are discharging hundreds of thousands of troops while hundreds of thousands are now injected with a weaponized “vaccine.”
Clearly, Rome has fallen and rogue forces have compromised the Chain of Command.
The American people are under attack.
The Constitution is under attack.
We are under attack!
Therefore, we are now forced to engage tactical operations to save our nation and our families. We want to maintain peace while being surgical in detaining the terrorists.
Detain The Terrorists: Fauci, Gates, Schwab & Fink
As we highlighted in our video, the two most publicly known terrorists responsible for these systemic Crimes Against Humanity and Acts of War against the American people, and humanity in general, are Anthony Fauci and Bill Gates.
In addition, Klaus Schwab and Larry Fink have been key strategic driving forces behind overall systemic attacks against us.
“Markets like totalitarian governments.”
“Democracies are very messy, as we know in the United States.”
“China has done a magnificent job of engineering their economy.”
~ The Shadow King of Wall Street, Larry Fink, Black Rock CEO, Czar of the Lockdown Economy
We are calling for the immediate detainment and prosecution of those four War Criminals.
Failure to do so, will result in a complete loss of faith in the Intelligence Community and the top of the military Chain of the Command.
We are also calling upon DoD and Intelligence Community Inspector Generals to immediately deploy large-scale wide-ranging investigations into corrupt policy decision-making processes and to conduct a forensic analysis of every move that every agency has made.
If the Office of the Inspector General does not move with immediate overwhelming force, their failure to act will result in a complete loss of faith in our systemic accountability mechanisms.
We want peace and Continuity of Government based on TRANSPARENT processes.
We have a duty and responsibility to protect our nation and our families from these barbaric and vicious systemic attacks.
We know that the Global Private Military is strategically attacking and systematically dismantling the United States and trying to incite division, desperation, confusion and chaos throughout the civilian population.
As the fog of war gets thicker than ever, we will do everything that we can to keep the peace and be a source of stability and critical information throughout the populace.
We are calling upon the American people to unite with their local Sheriff, police and community members to urgently begin full-scale preparations to protect their families.
We believe that the Global Private Military is going to launch terror attacks throughout the U.S. as they increase their asymmetric unconventional warfare against us.
We need to do everything in our power to prevent violent outbreaks.
The Global Private Military wants chaos and violence to erupt throughout our country – that’s why they have been proactively systemically undermining our ability to obtain basic necessities and dismantling critical infrastructure and dismissing hundreds of thousands of police, military, healthcare and essential workforces via non-scientific and non-sensical mandates.
They are deploying the same divide and conquer tactics that they have used to destabilize the Middle East; to get us to fight amongst each other and provoke a civil war. They are using their mainstream media companies to exacerbate confusion and division.
Whether it is inciting the vaccinated vs the unvaccinated or identity politics, it is driven by psychological operations (PSYOP) strategies. Identity politics are strategically designed to silo civilian populations off into the smallest possible demographics so they fight amongst each other while imperial forces take over.
Therefore, we need to unite, keep the peace and be surgical in our counter-offensives.
Let it be known to all who perpetrate attacks against the American people that the overwhelming majority of our Special Operations Forces, combat troops and a standing decentralized militia of over 40 million U.S. veterans and well-armed combat-ready civilians are now prepared to defend this country.
The unconventional warfare tactics deployed against us through COVID policies must come to an end now.
Know Your Primary Enemies
The World Economic Forum, Business Roundtable, Black Rock, Vanguard and the most powerful global corporations have used and abused China and its people as a vassal state for low-wage sweatshop labor for decades.  What they have done to the people of China they now want to do to the people of the United States.
We are calling upon the people of China and Russia to join us in this fight against our common enemy. The most powerful global imperial interests have been exploiting and abusing all of us.  Now they are trying to get us to go to war with each other so they can enforce a tyrannical fascist New World Order.
It is absolutely critical to understand that the war against freedom and humanity is not a battle between nation states.  The Global Private Military has no loyalty to any one nation state – the worldwide release of a “vaccine” (bio-weapon?) and systemic oppression of all nations via draconian lockdown policies and mandates should now make that clear to everyone.
In many ways, COVID is the newest front in the 20-year old imperial power grab known as the “War on Terror.” Global imperial powers have brutally dominated the third and developing world for many decades.  With COVID, the fascist imperial seed has now blossomed, and they are now targeting first world populations.
Bottom line, if we are going to survive all of these ongoing attacks against us, we have to be surgical in our counter-offenses and we must be laser-focused on the heads of the snake.
It is our goal to have them detained and legally prosecuted for Crimes Against Humanity – that’s why we are demanding the immediate detainment of Anthony Fauci, Bill Gates, Klaus Schwab and Larry Fink as a first step in restoring faith in our government.
We all have a duty and responsibility to protect the Constitution of the United States against all enemies.
Let it be clearly understood: any government official who continues to be derelict in this duty is committing treason and is an accomplice in a war against the American people.
As the U.S. Supreme Court has made clear, it is up to you, the individual, to disobey unlawful, unconstitutional orders. You cannot legally defend yourself by saying you were just following orders.
It is now time for you to boldly stand up in defense of the American people.
The line is drawn.
What side of history will you be on?
DE OPPRESSO LIBER
~ POGSOF.COM

















Before It’s News® is a community of individuals who report on what’s going on around them, from all around the world.
Anyone can join.
Anyone can contribute.
Anyone can become informed about their world.
"United We Stand" Click Here To Create Your Personal Citizen Journalist
Account Today, Be Sure To Invite Your Friends.


Please Help Support BeforeitsNews by trying our Natural Health Products below!Order by Phone at 888-809-8385 or online at https://mitocopper.com M - F 9am to 5pm ESTOrder by Phone at 866-388-7003 or online at https://www.herbanomic.com M - F 9am to 5pm ESTOrder by Phone at 866-388-7003 or online at https://www.herbanomics.com M - F 9am to 5pm ESTHumic & Fulvic Trace Minerals Complex - Nature's most important supplement! Vivid Dreams again!HNEX HydroNano EXtracellular Water - Improve immune system health and reduce inflammation.Ultimate Clinical Potency Curcumin - Natural pain relief, reduce inflammation and so much more.MitoCopper - Bioavailable Copper destroys pathogens and gives you more energy. (See Blood Video)Oxy Powder - Natural Colon Cleanser!  Cleans out toxic buildup with oxygen!Nascent Iodine - Promotes detoxification, mental focus and thyroid health.Smart Meter Cover -  Reduces Smart Meter radiation by 96%! (See Video). 


















Related Stories

 












Comments
 Click here to cancel reply.

Your Comments


































Total 10 comments







thatdogwillbite 

If your expecting this new generation to defend America forget we’re done. All China has to do is shutdown their cellphone and they will fold like a deck of cards.




Oct 21, 2021, 8:30 pm 








0
Reply 







Anonymous 

no more horse shit! why dont these half a million patriots take down the military traitors on their way out the door???
instead of just whining??
they have the access and means to save the country, instead of just fleeing with their tails between their dikless legs.
DO SOMETHING!




Oct 24, 2021, 8:29 am 








0
Reply 









truck driver 

Chinese ding ding




Oct 21, 2021, 8:42 pm 








0
Reply 







spirittoo 

@46:00 The part about vet’s being force to take the jab in order to get health care is NOT true. I am a vet and I was at the VA medical center in Eire PA. I asked them about it and they told me they have not heard anything on that. So stop trying to scare and piss us vets off with misinformation.  




Oct 22, 2021, 10:30 am 








-1
Reply 







Kitty 

It is not misinformation, it is true. I heard the Village Idiot Biden himself say if the Vets do not take this jab they will not be able to go to any vet hospital. Do try to take your head out of your ASS!




Oct 22, 2021, 8:55 pm 








1
Reply 







spirittoo 

BS! What part of I was there didn’t you understand? I’ didn’t get the jab and I got medical treatment so you don’t know what you are talking about. Are you a vet? Did the VA deny you medical service? If not then STFU  




Oct 23, 2021, 12:20 pm 








0
Reply 











Theosophist 

Praise to all USA military upholding the oath they took. I took it too and will defend my country from all enemies both foreign and domestic. Military are welcome in Texas where we will not back down when we know we are in the right. Mandates are illeagl here and we have open carry.
Elite’s Depopulation Agenda is Now Irrefutable
https://www.bibliotecapleyades.net/sociopolitica2/esp_sociopol_depopu146.htm




Oct 22, 2021, 4:20 pm 








2
Reply 







Anonymous 

they’re not defending the country. they’re defending themselves. fair enough.
but why not eliminate the PRIME PERPS of this NWO mess by taking out the top trash on their way out???




Oct 24, 2021, 8:31 am 








0
Reply 









Anonymous 

Some may not like this comment but If Trump is supposedly in control and letting Biden take the fall for all these problems for almost an entire year, Then how is that protecting the country, the people and the rule of law???? Something big is not right. Kim Goguen’s info and position is looking more and more like the real truth. The goal posts move because Trump does NOT have the keys to the real Quantum Computer. WHY? That question Kim Goguen makes perfectly clear. Planet has been run by two clubs only, Black Sun and SanHedron or you never get into politics. Could Trump’s love of Gold and power be the key to why he took a Pfizer payment when he was broke? Is he in the Black Sun Club? Hall of records can not tell a lie or do any deceptions. Clement’s prophecy line “I will fool the people, yes I will fool the people”. Well we wanted a hero, savior and Trump fit the bill, tell the people exactly what we want to hear etc. and we all fell for it. He is too squeaky clean and all dissent was squashed about him. Planned much???? Evil is as evil does. Listen again to Kim Goguen and the assemblies building from and of the people from the correct information. The WAR does not have to happen to the degree they are pushing the world into. Bless all the military for all that they have to conted with and yet still serve. Bless you. May we find the real truth and END the evil.




Oct 25, 2021, 3:18 pm 








0
Reply 







Parjaroguy 

My heart goes out to these ultra-brave service people. However, they trusted the people who taught them about the United States and did not know who we truly are. They didn’t have any reason to research the truth about what the United States of America really is. That is not their fault. Again, when you trust those that teach you, and do not see the reality, that person just never had any reason to doubt. The US has never changed what they truly were and it has hurt more people than we are seeing in this video – which is the tip of the iceberg.
Stay strong.




Oct 26, 2021, 5:11 am 








0
Reply 














MOST RECENT











Load more ...









HELP KEEP NEWS FREE
DONATE HERE


OLD VERSION


FORUM








Online:



Visits:
1,467,990,242


Stories:
7,870,824





Wanted: Citizen Reporters,Whistler Blowers, Insiders
CLICK HERE TO UPLOAD NEWS!




God's Word - 1 Kings (19-22) Listen to God's Word on Youtube! Donate to Share God's Word!













Loading... 





"Not by might, nor by power, but by my spirit, saith the Lord of hosts." Zechariah 4:6


BEFORE IT'S NEWS ON TELEGRAM
GET THE TELEGRAM APP - https://telegram.org/
JOIN OUR CHANNEL - https://t.me/BeforeitsNews


Read it..
BEFORE IT'S NEWS
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER



Submit




Today's Top Stories

Situation Update - America On The Brink! Deep State Continues To Trigger WW3! White Hats Plan For The Final Takedown! Coming Zombie Apocalypse! - We The People NewsNew Roseanne Barr and Alex Jones Interview! March 2023 Saturday SpecialTrump Puts The DeepState On Notice - Media Scrambling - Its The End Of The World As They've Known It!Get Out Now! - Federal Emergency - 10 States - "Super Dangerous" - Patrick Humphrey NewsNew Patriot Underground & Ben Fulford Intel: CFR & Distraction Wars - Underground Truth Accelerating - Giza, Soledar & Bakhmut - Taiwan Invasion Prep - China Boosts Semi-Conductor ChipPresidential Alert! Biden Administration Now Orders Total Lockdown! Constitution In Abeyyance! New Benjamin Fulford on Fake Pandemics and System ResetSG Anon: How We Must Take Action (Video) Bombshell: FOIA Documents Reveal COVID Pandemic Was a DOD Operation Dating Back to Obama! - 'Pfizer' Caught Admitting "Babies Died During the 'mRNA' COVID-19 Vaccine Trials- Gates Foundation Insider Admits...Stage Set! Drop Clinton Crime Videos in Times Square! Unimaginable Treason! Pure Evil! Hell on Earth! 










Loading... 


 


Featured

X22 Report - Trump Is Vengeance! War-Like Posture Activated! Thank You For Playing! - Must VideoBreaking: Russia Just Issued Space Warning! Get Ready! - Grand Supreme NewsHow China Controls The Australian Economy! - Epic Economist The Most Doomed Cities & Why Technical Progress Has Stalled - Peter Thiel on The Rubin Report (Video)Fake New Age False Gurus & Spiritual Charlatans. Evil Deceivers Exposed Part 1. The Greatest New Age Lies and Misconceptions Exposed And We Know Interview With Dr. Kirk Elliott - There’s Always Hope With Your Finances, Regardless Of The State Of The Earth! - Must VideoNow They Can Actually Use WiFi “To See People Through Walls”Boots on the Ground…March 5th…Fires and Crashes…On purpose or accidents?Forecasting 2023 Earthquake Windows in the Magnetic AnomalyBeware the Ides of March is Here! The Next Two Weeks May Change Everything! 










Loading... 


 


Top Global

Breaking: Russia Just Issued Space Warning! Get Ready! - Grand Supreme NewsHow China Controls The Australian Economy! - Epic Economist Beware the Ides of March is Here! The Next Two Weeks May Change Everything!President Trump Alert! Massive Crowds Now Support Big Change in 2024 Election Cycle! New Information Shows A Major Superpower Is Closer To Collapsing Than We Thought! - Must VideoDefeating the World Economic Forum’s ‘Great Reset’ Before It Destroys UsBan mRNA Shots!, Real Black History, New COVID Ad, Space Facts, Amazon Kills, the Fetzer Boogie (Video) Palestinian/Israeli update 03/05/2023..International furor continues over Smotrich's Hawara statementHumanity’s real enemy – the World Economic Forum.Iran Confirms Acquiring 24 Sukhoi Su-35 Fighters From Russia; Jets To Arrive During Iranian Year In March 









Top Alternative

Proof the Jabbed Are Trackable Everywhere: The Vaccinated Are Marked and Cannot Be UnmarkedTrump update 03/05/2023..Donald Trump wins CPAC straw poll with 62% of the voteGeoengineering Watch Global Alert News, March 4,Being Old Is a State of MindDefeating the World Economic Forum’s ‘Great Reset’ Before It Destroys UsThe Fundamental Transformation of AmericaFeds Refuse to Punish Illegal Aliens for Killing EagleAuthorities Decided to Drain This River But Didn't Expect to Find This at the Bottom Iconic Restaurant Chains That Don't Exist Anymore in America New York: Strange Creature Caught on CCTV Camera 



 






SignUp
Login






About | Advertise With Us | FAQ | Contact
| Privacy | Terms of Service
| Copyright Notification | RSS Subscribe | Widgets
Portions copyright © 2023 NSearch Technology, Inc., All Rights Reserved.Before It's News® is a registered Service Mark of NSearch Technology,
Inc..



Newsletter
Email this story
Email this story








If you really want to ban this commenter, please write down the reason:




If you really want to disable all recommended stories, click on OK button. After that, you will be redirect to your options page.







