


















































New Dr. Carrie Madej  and Dr. Ardis Learn From Karen Kingston, What's Really In The Injections via BitChute | Prophecy | Before It's News



















You're using an Ad-Blocker.
BeforeItsNews only exists through ads.We ask all patriots who appreciate the evil we expose and want to
help us savage the NWO with more Truth to disable your ad-blocker on our site only so we can grow and expose more evil!Funding
gives us more weapons! Thank you patriots! Oh and If you disable the Ad-blocker - on your deathbed you will receive total
consciousness. So you got that going for you...which is nice!



Disable
Dismiss




 
Before It's News











Featured |
Economy |
Health |
Beyond Science |
Power of Belief |
Sustainable Living|
Inspiration |
Live |
Video |
Top 50 |
Most Recent |
Shopping |
Categories









Read the Beforeitsnews.com story here.
Advertise at Before It's News here.








By Jeffery Pritchett

Contributor profile |
More stories







Story Views



Now:



Last hour:



Last 24 hours:



Total:





 






New Dr. Carrie Madej and Dr. Ardis Learn From Karen Kingston, What's Really In The Injections via BitChute


Monday, November 1, 2021 19:08 






% of readers think this story is Fact. Add your two cents.

























New Dr. Carrie Madej  and Dr. Ardis Learn From Karen Kingston, What’s Really In The Injections via BitChute
There is a battle raging for humanity. Dr Carrie Madej reveals how Big Tech collaborates with Big Pharma to introduce new technologies in the coming vaccines, that will alter our DNA and turn us into hybrids. This will end humanity as we know it, and start the process of transhumanism: HUMAN 2.0 The plans are to use vaccines to inject nanotechnology into our bodies and connect us to the Cloud and artificial intelligence. This will enable corrupt governments and tech giants to control us, without us being aware of it.
What do you think? Let us know in the comments. Hope everyone has a great weekend.
 
 







The Native Americans Have been using Humic & Fulvic Minerals for Centuries! Great immune system health healing! More info click Here.
 

 
 























Before It’s News® is a community of individuals who report on what’s going on around them, from all around the world.
Anyone can join.
Anyone can contribute.
Anyone can become informed about their world.
"United We Stand" Click Here To Create Your Personal Citizen Journalist
Account Today, Be Sure To Invite Your Friends.


Please Help Support BeforeitsNews by trying our Natural Health Products below!Order by Phone at 888-809-8385 or online at https://mitocopper.com M - F 9am to 5pm ESTOrder by Phone at 866-388-7003 or online at https://www.herbanomic.com M - F 9am to 5pm ESTOrder by Phone at 866-388-7003 or online at https://www.herbanomics.com M - F 9am to 5pm ESTHumic & Fulvic Trace Minerals Complex - Nature's most important supplement! Vivid Dreams again!HNEX HydroNano EXtracellular Water - Improve immune system health and reduce inflammation.Ultimate Clinical Potency Curcumin - Natural pain relief, reduce inflammation and so much more.MitoCopper - Bioavailable Copper destroys pathogens and gives you more energy. (See Blood Video)Oxy Powder - Natural Colon Cleanser!  Cleans out toxic buildup with oxygen!Nascent Iodine - Promotes detoxification, mental focus and thyroid health.Smart Meter Cover -  Reduces Smart Meter radiation by 96%! (See Video). 


















Related Stories

 












Comments
 Click here to cancel reply.

Your Comments


































Total 10 comments







Theosophist 

High praise for Dr. Carrie Madej and all like her! See below for why Doctors can’t figure it out;
Author
Cosmic Agency, Gosia
Published
October 15, 2021
New Analysis – Vaccines – Samples Analyzed – Aneeka of Temmer shares the findings
(Originally in Spanish)
Anéeka: Pfizer, AstraZeneca, Moderna inoculations decoded and studied on board Toleka laboratories. They are vaccines against SARS type viruses, they are harmless, I don’t know what all the fuss is about, and they are even of high quality. I recommend them (JOKE!).
I’ve been gathering strength since Saturday to say this. What’s in there is so horrible that the samples ended up inside a high security Bio-Hazard container. They were subsequently disintegrated with high energy. What is in there we can’t even share with you, because I have no way to explain it as it would need to be explained. For example, if Dr. Alex wants data on what happens and the bio-chemical processes caused by the vaccines, I simply cannot give it to him.
I see this as extremely serious because people will not understand what is there, they will see it as fantasy or inventions. The same doctors against plandemic will not make sense of nano bots, because their labs are unable to detect or understand the functioning of nano graphite, at the atomic or molecular level.
Gosia: Why is there no way to explain it?
Anéeka: Because the technology present there in the samples from the 3 factories exceeds human…




Nov 2, 2021, 12:39 am 








0
Reply 







truthseeker4809 

This Covid vaccine could be an alein technology to produce black eyed humanoid on earth. I was shocked to see the black eyed baby from the mother who took the Covid vaccine. Black Eyed kids have been quite an issue for a while. It could be a process of introducing people to get used to the scene of black eyed kids and now they are injecting viral fluid to actually change the human genome. If this is done on such purpose, what can you do about it?




Nov 2, 2021, 3:32 am 








0
Reply 







Anonymous 

Lies and propaganda are halfway around the world before the truth puts its boots on. The truth has put its boots on. The covid/injections narrative is crumbling.




Nov 2, 2021, 4:28 am 








0
Reply 







Johnny B Good 

Order Ivermectin and Hydroxychloroquine online. No script required. Bitcoin accepted
https://www.excelwell.net/drugs




Nov 2, 2021, 8:04 am 








-1
Reply 







Widetracker 

Malachi 4:1 For, behold, the Day cometh, that shall burn like an oven; and all the proud, yea, and all that do wickedly, shall be stubble: and the day that cometh shall burn them up, saith the “I AM” Lord of hosts, that it shall leave of them neither root nor branch (nothing).
https://christs.net




Nov 2, 2021, 3:08 pm 








1
Reply 







LonePatriot1 

The ongoing COVID-19 nonsense here in the United States exists solely and exclusively because our governments have failed to use the correct treatment. They used so-called “vaccines” when Japan has just proven, in less than ONE MONTH, that Ivermectin can wipe out the disease. IVM was awarded the Nobel prize for medicine in 2015. One of the 3 most important drugs in human history: Aspirin, Penicillin, and Ivermectin. Get your Ivermectin today while you still can! https://health.p0l.org




Nov 2, 2021, 3:53 pm 








1
Reply 







Canderson 

I believe in Dr. Carrie Madej !!!




Nov 5, 2021, 6:08 pm 








0
Reply 







Millicent 

I had to type this with my nose. The Pfizer booster turned me into a turtle!




Nov 6, 2021, 12:50 pm 








0
Reply 







Mike Stwers 

What you mean?




Nov 6, 2021, 6:23 pm 








0
Reply 









Canderson 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlMfh44MKa0




Nov 8, 2021, 5:44 pm 








0
Reply 














MOST RECENT











Load more ...









HELP KEEP NEWS FREE
DONATE HERE


OLD VERSION


FORUM








Online:



Visits:
1,467,937,070


Stories:
7,870,755





Wanted: Citizen Reporters,Whistler Blowers, Insiders
CLICK HERE TO UPLOAD NEWS!




God's Word - John Chapter 12 Listen to God's Word on Youtube! Donate to Share God's Word!













Loading... 





"Not by might, nor by power, but by my spirit, saith the Lord of hosts." Zechariah 4:6


BEFORE IT'S NEWS ON TELEGRAM
GET THE TELEGRAM APP - https://telegram.org/
JOIN OUR CHANNEL - https://t.me/BeforeitsNews


Read it..
BEFORE IT'S NEWS
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER



Submit




Today's Top Stories

Situation Update - America On The Brink! Deep State Continues To Trigger WW3! White Hats Plan For The Final Takedown! Coming Zombie Apocalypse! - We The People NewsNew Roseanne Barr and Alex Jones Interview! March 2023 Saturday SpecialGet Out Now! - Federal Emergency - 10 States - "Super Dangerous" - Patrick Humphrey NewsWalls Are Beginning To Collapse Around These Evil People! Biden Declared War Against We The People! - On The FringeTrump Puts The DeepState On Notice - Media Scrambling - Its The End Of The World As They've Known It!New Patriot Underground & Ben Fulford Intel: CFR & Distraction Wars - Underground Truth Accelerating - Giza, Soledar & Bakhmut - Taiwan Invasion Prep - China Boosts Semi-Conductor ChipPresidential Alert! Biden Administration Now Orders Total Lockdown! Constitution In Abeyyance! New Benjamin Fulford on Fake Pandemics and System ResetBombshell: FOIA Documents Reveal COVID Pandemic Was a DOD Operation Dating Back to Obama! - 'Pfizer' Caught Admitting "Babies Died During the 'mRNA' COVID-19 Vaccine Trials- Gates Foundation Insider Admits...A Massive Bank Run Threatens to Crash a Major Bank as They Desperately Try to Avoid Insolvency! - Must Video 










Loading... 


 


Featured

Charlie Ward: Situation Update and Intel with Jason Q (Video) Marines “Unalive” Clinton Clones in New York and San Diego (Video) Help JFK Jr. Raise 'Relief Funding for the Victims' of 'The Ohio Terrorist Attack' by the Deep State Cabal (Video) New Melissa Redpill: Trump Retribution CPAC 2023, Final Battle, April Fools, 3-4-23New Benjamin Fulford March Huge Intel 03-05-23The Fundamental Transformation of AmericaDr. Steven Greer - Mystery Behind UFOs and UAPs, Alien Phenomenon, and the Secret Shadow Government (Video)Mel K - Who is ACTUALLY Running The White House? - Flyover Conservatives Breaking News: Massive Fire In The Bronx! NYC Emergency Management: Shut Your Windows! - The Real GS NewsAnd We Know - Pepe Represents! We Are The News! Truth Is Spreading! There is Hope! Pray! - Must Video 










Loading... 


 


Top Global

Charlie Ward: Situation Update and Intel with Jason Q (Video) New Benjamin Fulford March Huge Intel 03-05-23New Melissa Redpill: Trump Retribution CPAC 2023, Final Battle, April Fools, 3-4-23SG Anon: How We Must Take Action (Video) It Is Over Now! This Is Going To Get Ugly! - Full Spectrum SurvivalClownworld News Australia 05/03/2023 "Headlines" Israeli Tanks Open Fire at Syrian ArmyNew Benjamin Fulford on Fake Pandemics and System ResetNew Patriot Underground & Ben Fulford Intel: CFR & Distraction Wars - Underground Truth Accelerating - Giza, Soledar & Bakhmut - Taiwan Invasion Prep - China Boosts Semi-Conductor ChipSituation Update - America On The Brink! Deep State Continues To Trigger WW3! White Hats Plan For The Final Takedown! Coming Zombie Apocalypse! - We The People NewsPresident Trump Proposes Building 10 New Cities Across America, We Should Hold a Contest to Charter - The Biggest Corruption of All Time in the EU - All Vaccines, Not... 









Top Alternative

Nibiru - Jesus.. 'Repent while I may still be Found', given February 8th, 2023Censor and BAN TikTok? Why the Deep State Wants to Eliminate Your Freedom of Choice!Palestinian/Israeli update 03/04/2023..Israeli forces attack protest against eviction of Palestinian families from homes in Sheikh JarrahFood stamp benefits cut for more than 30 million low-income AmericansThe Sequel to the Fall of the Cabal - Part 17 2021 - The Truth Behind VaccinesSatanists Celebrate! 30% of Young Women are Suicidal!California: Strange Creature Attacks Man in a Car. What is it?We Are In A Hidden War - Trump Decode 3/4/2023Strange Creature Caught on Tape in Brazil. What is it?Tucker Carlson for March 3rd, 2023 (Plus commentary) 



 






SignUp
Login






About | Advertise With Us | FAQ | Contact
| Privacy | Terms of Service
| Copyright Notification | RSS Subscribe | Widgets
Portions copyright © 2023 NSearch Technology, Inc., All Rights Reserved.Before It's News® is a registered Service Mark of NSearch Technology,
Inc..



Newsletter
Email this story
Email this story








If you really want to ban this commenter, please write down the reason:




If you really want to disable all recommended stories, click on OK button. After that, you will be redirect to your options page.







