


















































Benjamin Fulford: G20 Slave “Leaders” Pose for Photos While Their Masters Struggle to Survive  (Video) | Alternative | Before It's News



















You're using an Ad-Blocker.
BeforeItsNews only exists through ads.We ask all patriots who appreciate the evil we expose and want to
help us savage the NWO with more Truth to disable your ad-blocker on our site only so we can grow and expose more evil!Funding
gives us more weapons! Thank you patriots! Oh and If you disable the Ad-blocker - on your deathbed you will receive total
consciousness. So you got that going for you...which is nice!



Disable
Dismiss




 
Before It's News











Featured |
Economy |
Health |
Beyond Science |
Power of Belief |
Sustainable Living|
Inspiration |
Live |
Video |
Top 50 |
Most Recent |
Shopping |
Categories









Read the Beforeitsnews.com story here.
Advertise at Before It's News here.








By  Nicole Morgan (Investigative Reporter) 

Contributor profile |
More stories







Story Views



Now:



Last hour:



Last 24 hours:



Total:





 






Benjamin Fulford: G20 Slave “Leaders” Pose for Photos While Their Masters Struggle to Survive (Video)


Tuesday, November 2, 2021 9:48 






% of readers think this story is Fact. Add your two cents.
























by N.Morgan

The slaves are gathering and deciding what the fate of the world will be. This group of slaves known as the “leaders” of the G20 group of nations have been gathering in Rome and next Scotland to pose for pictures and pretend they run the planet. However, the so-called $150 trillion COP26 plan they have been gathering for is dead in the water. The masters who ordered them to follow this plan are being hunted down and will soon lose power, CIA, Mossad, MI6 and Asian secret society sources agree.
“The G-20 becomes the showpiece for a dysfunctional global order,” is even how the establishment mouthpiece, the Washington Post, describes the situation.
https://www.greenwichtime.com/news/article/The-G-20-becomes-the-showpiece-for-a-16573910.php
The fact is the families that own the so-called “global” architecture such as the UN, the BIS, the World Bank, the IMF, the Chinese Communist Party, the United States Corporation etc. are bankrupt.
A group of Venetian nobility and Asian Royal Families have come to an agreement that these families need to be removed from power and control of so-called global institutions. Instead, the people of the planet will be given control, and so, as was long prophesied “the meek shall inherit the earth.”
A visible sign of this is that Queen Elizabeth, the head of the committee of 300 (often called the secret government of the West) is not attending COP26.

“The secret service, the police and the courts are saying enough is enough,” says an Ambassador for Venetian and Asian nobility. “Essentially the Queen is gone. She is under a two-week house arrest [OK palace arrest], and banned from Cop 26,” the Ambassador says. “The act of succession will remove Charles because of the murder of Diana,” he says. “Charles must never be king that is a widely accepted norm,” he adds. Furthermore, Prince William will not be King because he is “an obsequious little creep and we do not like him at all.” Instead, the source says, “The act of installation goes to King George VII or William’s son.”
https://www.royal.uk/prince-george
“We removed the king of Spain because he was essentially the worlds’ biggest drug dealer,” he added.
Another sign is that US Corporate Presidential Spoketrans Jens Psaki (almost certainly a cross-dressing David Rockefeller grandson Mark Zuckerberg) has “contracted Covid 19” despite being vaccinated and has been put under quarantine for 10 days and possibly forever.
CIA sources say Mark Rockefeller Zuckerberg has also been removed from control of Facebook, which is why it has been renamed Meta which, by no coincidence, means “dead” in Hebrew.
https://www.timesofisrael.com/facebooks-new-meta-handle-means-dead-in-hebrew/
The fact that Kamala Harris is “desperately trying to get out before she and her husband are outed and sink with the ship,” underlines the ongoing collapse of the fake Biden regime, CIA sources note.
https://www.foxnews.com/media/harris-shunning-public-events-with-the-big-guy-biden-after-receiving-no-fun-jobs-the-five
More Clinton (Rockefeller/Hanover) puppets are being rounded up slowly but surely, the CIA says. “They will all sing like canaries for a reduced sentence,” they add. 
https://resistthemainstream.org/former-clinton-operative-charged-arrest-warrant-issued/?utm_source=telegram

Reference:
https://benjaminfulford.net/2021/11/01/78554/
Stories Contributed by N. Morgan
Get prepared for flu season and cut out Big pHarma with these amazing supplements! Click banners below to complete your survival 1st Aid Kit:



   








 














Before It’s News® is a community of individuals who report on what’s going on around them, from all around the world.
Anyone can join.
Anyone can contribute.
Anyone can become informed about their world.
"United We Stand" Click Here To Create Your Personal Citizen Journalist
Account Today, Be Sure To Invite Your Friends.


Please Help Support BeforeitsNews by trying our Natural Health Products below!Order by Phone at 888-809-8385 or online at https://mitocopper.com M - F 9am to 5pm ESTOrder by Phone at 866-388-7003 or online at https://www.herbanomic.com M - F 9am to 5pm ESTOrder by Phone at 866-388-7003 or online at https://www.herbanomics.com M - F 9am to 5pm ESTHumic & Fulvic Trace Minerals Complex - Nature's most important supplement! Vivid Dreams again!HNEX HydroNano EXtracellular Water - Improve immune system health and reduce inflammation.Ultimate Clinical Potency Curcumin - Natural pain relief, reduce inflammation and so much more.MitoCopper - Bioavailable Copper destroys pathogens and gives you more energy. (See Blood Video)Oxy Powder - Natural Colon Cleanser!  Cleans out toxic buildup with oxygen!Nascent Iodine - Promotes detoxification, mental focus and thyroid health.Smart Meter Cover -  Reduces Smart Meter radiation by 96%! (See Video). 


















Related Stories

 












Comments
 Click here to cancel reply.

Your Comments


































Total 4 comments







Trueblue2k2 

Ben knocks it out of the park this week with his rant about the Zucker-Psaki-nothing berg(er) situation, an inept G20 meeting, and other optics of the dying old world order. As others have observed, the rotting pillars of present International Finance are soon to be replaced since their system is hopelessly bankrupt. 
An imminent Global Currency Reset and Quantum Financial System now in the wings will be an improvement on past IMF fiat-inflation fraud, also saving us from WEF’s planned “Great Reset” feudal debt-poverty system.




Nov 2, 2021, 12:26 pm 








0
Reply 







LonePatriot1 

Hospitals in USA and in first world countries are refusing life-saving Ivermectin treatment even with court orders. Big Pharma doing everything they can to jab us no matter what, while alternative COVID cures EXIST! There happens to be heavy censorship who are looking for these treatments. The Research Is Clear: Ivermectin Is a Safe, Effective Treatment for COVID. Get your Ivermectin today while you still can! https://health.p0l.org/




Nov 2, 2021, 3:56 pm 








0
Reply 







HTLIII 

Don’t blame me. I voted for Fulford.




Nov 2, 2021, 7:42 pm 








0
Reply 







Tom Hagen 

Venetian and Asian nobility who put those world leaders in power are now going to hand it over to ‘we the people’ ……. sure they are ! There is always someone being rounded up, under house arrest or held at a black site …until they pop up again, and then its the … ‘they sang like a bird to save themselves’.
Man this stuff gets old quick.




Nov 3, 2021, 7:33 am 








0
Reply 














MOST RECENT











Load more ...









HELP KEEP NEWS FREE
DONATE HERE


OLD VERSION


FORUM








Online:



Visits:
1,468,324,351


Stories:
7,871,520





Wanted: Citizen Reporters,Whistler Blowers, Insiders
CLICK HERE TO UPLOAD NEWS!




God's Word - Genesis Chapter 2 Listen to God's Word on Youtube! Donate to Share God's Word!













Loading... 





"Not by might, nor by power, but by my spirit, saith the Lord of hosts." Zechariah 4:6


BEFORE IT'S NEWS ON TELEGRAM
GET THE TELEGRAM APP - https://telegram.org/
JOIN OUR CHANNEL - https://t.me/BeforeitsNews


Read it..
BEFORE IT'S NEWS
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER



Submit




Today's Top Stories

Michael Jaco: Explosive Interview and Intel Drop With Ricardo Bosi (Video) Charlie Ward: Big Situation Update - Everyone Needs To Know This!! (Video) Breaking! Biden Declares National State of Emergency as Putin Takes Key Ukraine City! - Redacted News LiveSituation Update, Mar 6, 2023 - Bombshell: Leaked Govt. Messages Reveal COVID Was a Planned Psychological Terrorism Campaign From the Very Start! - Mike Adams VideoNew David Rodriguez: SPACEFORCE- "Truth From Conspiracy" - Captain Chuck Ruffin ExplainsMan Dies; Shown Shocking Truth About Creation and Why Were Here (NDE)New SGTReport: 33 Masonic Symbolism via Sofia SmallstormX22 Report - Trump Announces A Quantum Leap In The Standard Of Living! Economy Is About To Change! - Must VideoJuan O' Savin & David “Nino” Rodriguez: “March Madness and the March to War” (Video) Sarah Westall: Where is the Head of the Snake? NWO Headquarters in Geneva Switzerland? w/ Tribunal Judges 3-5-2023 










Loading... 


 


Featured

And We Know - As REAL As It GETS, NO ESCAPE, DOE Will Go Away, EVIL Has NO PLACE HERE! PRAY! - Must VideoTop Gov't Official: Prepare For “Panic & Chaos”!! Flights Grounded! It's Happening!! - Patrick Humphrey NewsRunning From The Fight Is NOT What The Word Of God Teaches Us! (Video)New Stew Peters & Dr. Judy Mikovits - Fully Jabbed & Boosted DROPPING DEAD In Britain: New Study Shows English EXTERMINATION In UK! - Must VideoOn The Fringe - Information War Is In Full Effect Now! Some Watch It Explode, Others Go Chuck Norris! - Must VideoCountless Americans Plunge Into Despair As Hunger Spreads Like Wildfire All Across AmericaBreaking: Massive Fire At Hampton University In Virginia! Evacuation! - The Real GS NewsNew Alex Jones: Trump Declares America Will Have ‘Retribution’ in ‘Final Battle’ Against New World - March 2023The NEW White House Directive Is DEVASTATING! Biden EO Overturned By US Senate! - Must VideoSMOKING GUN OF FRAUD: Fauci Used Government Grant Money To Buy Off Scientists Over Covid Origins 










Loading... 


 


Top Global

In The Dark: Underground Warfare: Trends, Challenges and Opportunities March 2023The NEW White House Directive Is DEVASTATING! Biden EO Overturned By US Senate! - Must VideoNew Alex Jones: Trump Declares America Will Have ‘Retribution’ in ‘Final Battle’ Against New World - March 2023Palestinian/Israeli update 03/06/2023..President Herzog warns Israel at risk of 'destroying itself from within'New Max Igan: Scarcity or Abundance - Rafael LaVerde Speaks with Max New Steve Quayle & Stephanie Quayle | On the Edge - An Outreach to Those That Time & Others Have Forgotten | Mar. 6, 2023Taiwan Warns China Could Carry Out A “Sudden Entry” Into CountryCharlie Ward BOMBSHELL 3/6/23: The World At War! - Must VideoBreaking: Major World Info - Russian Massacre In Bakhmut, Ukraine! - The Real GS NewsSMOKING GUN: Matt Hancock Covid Leaks! - UK Government PLOT To FAKE Variants To SCARE PUBLIC! - WAM 









Top Alternative

In The Dark: Underground Warfare: Trends, Challenges and Opportunities March 2023Get Lost, Uncle SamBrenden O'Connell: 180. Mike Gill, Donald Trump Saves The Day...Biden, Ukraine, The New Hampshire Cartel Mar 5, 2023Taiwan Warns China Could Carry Out A “Sudden Entry” Into CountryAbortion activists smash windows at Minnesota pregnancy clinic that provides free diapersWomen are Being Eliminated to Depopulate the PlanetMike Lindell Destroying Democracy - Tide Has Turned - NO VAX NO MASKAmerica - Are You Ready For Mass Blackouts?.. As Biden's Attack On America Continues Trump Nails It At CPAC - Declass Incoming - March MadnessMost Famous Sinkholes Around the World 



 






SignUp
Login






About | Advertise With Us | FAQ | Contact
| Privacy | Terms of Service
| Copyright Notification | RSS Subscribe | Widgets
Portions copyright © 2023 NSearch Technology, Inc., All Rights Reserved.Before It's News® is a registered Service Mark of NSearch Technology,
Inc..



Newsletter
Email this story
Email this story








If you really want to ban this commenter, please write down the reason:




If you really want to disable all recommended stories, click on OK button. After that, you will be redirect to your options page.







