


















































Nov. 8 Court Hearing re. Huntsville School District Sex Scandal | Scandals | Before It's News



















You're using an Ad-Blocker.
BeforeItsNews only exists through ads.We ask all patriots who appreciate the evil we expose and want to
help us savage the NWO with more Truth to disable your ad-blocker on our site only so we can grow and expose more evil!Funding
gives us more weapons! Thank you patriots! Oh and If you disable the Ad-blocker - on your deathbed you will receive total
consciousness. So you got that going for you...which is nice!



Disable
Dismiss




 
Before It's News











Featured |
Economy |
Health |
Beyond Science |
Power of Belief |
Sustainable Living|
Inspiration |
Live |
Video |
Top 50 |
Most Recent |
Shopping |
Categories









Read the Beforeitsnews.com story here.
Advertise at Before It's News here.








By Freedom Fighter

Contributor profile |
More stories







Story Views



Now:



Last hour:



Last 24 hours:



Total:












Nov. 8 Court Hearing re. Huntsville School District Sex Scandal


 Tuesday, November 2, 2021 10:35 






% of readers think this story is Fact. Add your two cents.































  




Update on Huntsville School District Sex Scandal

There will be a court hearing on Monday, Nov. 8, 2021 at 9:00 a.m. at the Madison County Courthouse: Plantiff, Ben Rightsell (Parent) vs. the Huntsville School Board. The address for the Madison County Courthouse is 201 West Main Street, Huntsville, Arkansas 72740. Phone 479-738-2215
If you live within a reasonable driving distance, please attend this very important hearing and support the parents and children of this lawsuit. There needs to be standing-room-only in that courtroom.
You might also want to attend the school board meeting on November 15 at 7:00 pm.
There are 17 victims — 9th graders sexually assaulting 8th graders in the basketball locker rooms. (Secure Arkansas believes there could be more victims than this.) There is no way that parents in this state will put up with this type of disgraceful behavior against their children, and it needs to be rectified quickly!
Also, petitions are being circulated for the Resignation of the School Board that will be presented at the next board meeting on November 15 at 7:00 pm. If you’d like to sign the petition, contact us, and we will assist you. 






 
The Huntsville School Board and coaches need to resign! They have completely failed in protecting the children that attend their school… let alone attempting to cover it up and hide it. 
 Our heartfelt prayers go out to all of the children and parents involved in this sex scandal. These parents sent their kids off to school with a reasonable expectation that they would be protected, but those children were abused… These boys have been through great trauma… and some of them may be receiving threats.
If there are any other parents in any other school districts whose children are facing these types of abuses and who would like to seek counsel, you can contact Attorney Joey McCutchen at his office: (479) 783-0036 or Toll Free: (800) 871-0036.
And if there are more of you who want to come forward, PLEASE do so. Now is the time. 






 
Read the articles below for more information.
Huntsville School District faces more scrutiny from sexual abuse allegations – a KNWA news article and short VIDEO from Oct. 22, 2021
District Asks Court to Seal Federal Case – Filing says lawsuit likely to identify students involved — article from Oct. 26, 2021
“Huntsville School District: Seal Sex-Abuse Case” — from Oct. 26, 2021
Madison County Record Files Motion to Keep Records Regarding Huntsville Schools’ Sexual Assault Lawsuit Open – a KNWA news article; updated Oct. 28, 2021, including a short VIDEO
 
Here are some more important and shocking details that you may want to know from a parent of a victim at Huntsville High School, in Huntsville Arkansas. Be sure to click the links:
Board members are still working to hide the case. We have moved forward and have pending title 9 violations, which constituted felonies. Monday our district pushed to gag our lawyer, and parents. So much more has come to surface with released text messages between the board and staff.
Parents are pushing for answers in our school district.  Our school board is attempting to hide sexual assaults that took place in our school, as well as games in towns around us since at least 2019. Our Title 9 investigation was a joke!  Recommendations were made by the investigators/school admins, but the school board overruled the recommendations. Not one of our perpetrators has been disciplined, or faced criminal charges that weren’t overturned. We did have two of the boys admit guilt in January. They took the fall for the “silver spooned”. It was recommended that they be expelled for the rest of the semester and the following school year.  Recommendations were released to the victims and the public. Sexual assault/abuse class were to be done before the school year started by the perpetrators (never happened). A secret board meeting was held, and the expulsions were cleared. The two that came forward, took the fall for the group while the others haven’t seen any punishment.
17 boys have been assaulted by 8 peers in their locker room. It has taken place for over a number of years. A total of 52 boys were questioned; many were scared to come forward. Perpetrators are children of influential individuals in the community.  Certain board members who have nephews who have been identified as perpetrators have refused to recuse themselves or resign, and has intimidated victims when being questioned by the Title 9 investigators/ board.
There are lawsuits in place. Including multiple FIOA violations which the superintendent admitted guilt, conducting secret board meetings, and not informing victims or media. Currently, perps are still in school, still in sports, and have continued to threaten the victims. It wasn’t until lawsuits were filed, that a statement was released by the DA, criminal charges are being reviewed. The District Attorney, Matt Durrett, has been reviewing this case since June 11, 2021.  One boy was assaulted over 10 times throughout the basketball season. Not even a reported mandate was filed for months after the assault was known. It was NOT reported to the Child Abuse Hotline nor DHS. After a lawsuit was filed by Attorney Joey McCutchen, an investigation began, a basketball coach that was informed, and participated in the questioning resigned the first week of August.
We also have a second coach that has resigned with possible charges, for inviting the girls volleyball team to his home to clean, in exchange for alcohol, and girls being assaulted while being intoxicated. We also have pending charges from November 2020, regarding a bus driver arrested for drunk driving while operating a bus full of children.
 
A picture comment from the paper with the superintendent’s comment to the board president is shown below.  Parents are being ignored!   
 

 
For a more complete story, read these articles:
A CLOSER LOOK: Huntsville schools basketball players practiced ‘baptizing’ to ‘bean dipping,’ per Title IX investigation – from KNWA June 11, 2021
EXCLUSIVE: ‘I think a whole bunch of people need to be fired.’ Huntsville student says ‘baptizing’ continued after investigations started – a victim statement; article from KNWA July 16, 2021
More FOIA violations come to light from Huntsville School District – from 5News Oct. 22, 2021




As always, you can find our email articles posted on our website: SecureArkansas.com.  The Search box is a handy tool.  
For more information about a topic, just type it into the Search box on our website, and click Enter!

Securing the blessings of liberty,
Secure Arkansassecuretherepublic.com/arkansas[email protected]

Disclaimer:
Legal Advice is Not Provided
The material in our emails/alerts and on our websites is only intended to provide general information and comment to the public. We make an effort to ensure that the information found in our emails/alerts and on our websites is accurate and timely, but we can’t and don’t guarantee that. Nor do we guarantee the accuracy or timeliness of any information contained on websites to which our websites or emails provide links.
Information found in our emails/alerts and on our websites should not be taken as legal advice. Legal matters can be complicated. For assistance with a specific legal problem or question, please contact a knowledgeable lawyer for assistance.





















Before It’s News® is a community of individuals who report on what’s going on around them, from all around the world.
Anyone can join.
Anyone can contribute.
Anyone can become informed about their world.
"United We Stand" Click Here To Create Your Personal Citizen Journalist
Account Today, Be Sure To Invite Your Friends.


Please Help Support BeforeitsNews by trying our Natural Health Products below!Order by Phone at 888-809-8385 or online at https://mitocopper.com M - F 9am to 5pm ESTOrder by Phone at 866-388-7003 or online at https://www.herbanomic.com M - F 9am to 5pm ESTOrder by Phone at 866-388-7003 or online at https://www.herbanomics.com M - F 9am to 5pm ESTHumic & Fulvic Trace Minerals Complex - Nature's most important supplement! Vivid Dreams again!HNEX HydroNano EXtracellular Water - Improve immune system health and reduce inflammation.Ultimate Clinical Potency Curcumin - Natural pain relief, reduce inflammation and so much more.MitoCopper - Bioavailable Copper destroys pathogens and gives you more energy. (See Blood Video)Oxy Powder - Natural Colon Cleanser!  Cleans out toxic buildup with oxygen!Nascent Iodine - Promotes detoxification, mental focus and thyroid health.Smart Meter Cover -  Reduces Smart Meter radiation by 96%! (See Video). 


















Related Stories

 












Comments
 Click here to cancel reply.

Your Comments







































MOST RECENT











Load more ...









HELP KEEP NEWS FREE
DONATE HERE


OLD VERSION


FORUM








Online:



Visits:
1,469,071,963


Stories:
7,873,091





Wanted: Citizen Reporters,Whistler Blowers, Insiders
CLICK HERE TO UPLOAD NEWS!




God's Word - 2 Chronicles 28 Listen to God's Word on Youtube! Donate to Share God's Word!













Loading... 





"Not by might, nor by power, but by my spirit, saith the Lord of hosts." Zechariah 4:6


BEFORE IT'S NEWS ON TELEGRAM
GET THE TELEGRAM APP - https://telegram.org/
JOIN OUR CHANNEL - https://t.me/BeforeitsNews


Read it..
BEFORE IT'S NEWS
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER



Submit




Today's Top Stories

David Nino Rodriguez Live -Tucker Goes NUCLEAR! America OUTRAGED! MSM Goes Into Full Panic Damage Control!! - Must VideoSituation Update, Mar 8, 2023 - Domestic Collapse Accelerates As Sen. Lindsey Graham Wants To INVADE MEXICO With US Military! - Mike Adams Must VideoPhil Godlewski: CRUMBLE (Video) March 15th [3:15] Booooom! Biden, Clinton, Obama Trials for Treason Begin!Just In: House Republican Leaders Hold Press Briefing After Tucker Carlson's Second Jan 6th Report! - Forbes Breaking NewsAnd We Know - NOW They [Deep State] Are SHOWING Their PANIC!! Eyes Are Opening! LIARS Can’t hide! HOLD ON! PRAY! - Must VideoNew Sarge: Huge: Major Military Intel 3/8/23..Khazarian /Mafia/assets seized /VIP ELITE PANIC AS NUREMBERG 2.0 TRIALS FOR 'CRIMES AGAINST HUMANITY' BECOMES REALITY/PFIZER IS BEING SUED FOR $3T FOR ALLEGED FALSE CLAIMS ABOUT COVID VACCINES.Situation Update - White Hat Military In Contact With SCOTUS To Hear Brunson Petition Or Face Charges Of Treason! Biden/NATO Commit Two Acts Of War Against Russia! - We The...SG Anon: Situation Update - A Storm is Coming (Video)  










Loading... 


 


Featured

BREAKING NEWS! China MOBILIZING NOW! N. Korea Nuke Detonation SOON! Bird Flu MAMMAL Die Off! WW3 Georgia! - Canadian PrepperWe Just Witnessed An Economic Red Flag That We Haven’t Seen Since 1981Tucker Carlson LIVE March 8ALERT! It's Coming! You NEED To Prepare For This NOW! You're Running Out Of Time! - Must VideoNew Patriot Underground & Michael Jaco: Scare Event - WW3 Build Up - J6 Revelations - 5th Generation Warfare - Russian Offensive & Geopolitical Realignment Situation Update - White Hat Military In Contact With SCOTUS To Hear Brunson Petition Or Face Charges Of Treason! Biden/NATO Commit Two Acts Of War Against Russia! - We The...Breaking: This Is Devastating! Oil Rig On Fire In Alabama River! - The Real GS NewsNanny State Dead Ahead! (Video)Breaking: China Threatens USA With Conflict! Scripted WW3 Scenario Moves Closer! -WAMSG Anon & Derek Johnson Urgent Drops - Stream 3/8/2023 










Loading... 


 


Top Global

ALERT! It's Coming! You NEED To Prepare For This NOW! You're Running Out Of Time! - Must VideoNew Kerry Cassidy & Dark Outpost - White Hats, Secret Space Program, The Truth!Situation Update - White Hat Military In Contact With SCOTUS To Hear Brunson Petition Or Face Charges Of Treason! Biden/NATO Commit Two Acts Of War Against Russia! - We The...New Dr. Jim Willie: March Madness Intel! Banks are on the Brink! More Countries Joining BRICSNew Patriot Underground & Michael Jaco: Scare Event - WW3 Build Up - J6 Revelations - 5th Generation Warfare - Russian Offensive & Geopolitical Realignment Breaking: China Threatens USA With Conflict! Scripted WW3 Scenario Moves Closer! -WAMNorth Korea: U.S. Generates “Catastrophic Escalation” As Nuclear War is “Realistic”New Dark Outpost: Reptilian Bombshells! Energy Weapons! Zodiac Killer! New Melissa Redpill: Murdoch & Schumer PANIC to stop Jan 6 tapes, Elon Free Speech, Samson Trump 3-8-23New Jesse Ventura: Freedom Fighter: Why Two-Party Politics Must End 









Top Alternative

Best & Taylor (03082023): NIGHT SHADOWS --We war and fight because we want something we don't have, and then, we ask amiss and the BLIND lead the BLINDPfizer Unable To Finish Press Conference: As Spokespeople Keep Collapsing! - SatireStone Choir: The Invention of RacismWOW! Trumps Bold New Proposals for 2024: 10 New Freedom Cities, Baby Bonuses, Flying CarsTucker Dropping Jan 6 Footage…Trump update 03/08/2023..[The Unselect Committee of political Hacks & Thugs] should be tried for Fraud and Treason, and those imprisoned and being persecuted should be exonerated and released, NOW!Survival Will Depend On Finding Inner Balance (1997 Serapis Bey)John Kerry Is Upset That China Being A Bad Country Is Getting In The Way Of Solving Climate ApocalypseMarch 15th [3:15] Booooom! Biden, Clinton, Obama Trials for Treason Begin!Is Nesara/Gesara only Hopium? Is it Real? 



 






SignUp
Login






About | Advertise With Us | FAQ | Contact
| Privacy | Terms of Service
| Copyright Notification | RSS Subscribe | Widgets
Portions copyright © 2023 NSearch Technology, Inc., All Rights Reserved.Before It's News® is a registered Service Mark of NSearch Technology,
Inc..



Newsletter
Email this story
Email this story








If you really want to ban this commenter, please write down the reason:




If you really want to disable all recommended stories, click on OK button. After that, you will be redirect to your options page.







