





Overpopulation Lie Debunked: US Farmland Alone Can Feed the Whole World - Humans Be Free


























































































 





































  

















Home
ForumNew Forum Home
Login
Register

News
Health
Control
Cosmos
Spirituality
Forbidden History
Conspiracy
Finance
Documentaries
 








Home
ForumNew

Forum Home
Login
Register


News
Health
Control
Cosmos
Spirituality
Forbidden History
Conspiracy
Finance
Documentaries
 






 











 


ControlDepopulationRecent Articles 
Overpopulation Lie Debunked: US Farmland Alone Can Feed the Whole World 
Alexander LightNovember 1, 2016 
  
Daily the mainstream media bombards us with news articles reinforcing the idea that humans are infesting the planet and overpopulating it like parasites sucking it dry of its resources.
These bureaucrats have managed to convinced millions of their scheme, when in fact, it’s all a part of their plan to shove the ‘mass death’ agenda down people’s throats all while claiming they are ‘saving the Earth!’ It’s absurd!
The truth is if all 7+ billion of us stood shoulder to shoulder and gathered together in the same general location it would fill only the state of Los Angeles. 
Or if everyone in the world was given a small house and yard and were once again gathered together in the same general location, it would fill only the states of Texas, California, and New Mexico with room to spare.

Don’t believe me? Let’s  do the math. Texas has 171 million acres, California has 101 million acres, and New Mexico has 77 million acres, which is a grand total of 349 million acres of land. 
We can safely assume most households house two persons, (usually it’s more, but we’ll stick with two) If each household was given 0.10 acre (or 20 people per acre because there are 2 persons per household; which leaves plenty of room for a house and land); then we would have the total number of occupants at 6,980,000,000 persons (349 million acres x 20 people per acre). 
Which is more than enough room to house our 6,900,000,000 population. Keep in mind this doesn’t even take into consideration people living in apartments. 
The demographics can change based on how people are concentrated. See the map below. 
Thomas Malthus’ Overpopulation Lie
Thomas Malthus, who is the originator of the overpopulation lie, was a British mathematician. 
His most studied work, “An Essay on the Principle of Population as it Affects the Future Improvements of Society, with Remarks on the Speculations of M. Godwin, M. Condorcet and Other Writers,” was first published around the late 1700′s.
In it he stated, “Overpopulation would destroy the world unless war, famine, and disease rose to check human growth.”
He theorized that when population increased and food production increased only arithmetically, then food production would no longer be able to keep up with the populace. 
He then declared that the world would be out of food by the year 1890. Obviously he was dead wrong and yet we still see his principles applied today.
But how realistic is his belief that food would not keep up with demand? 
Consider this, it takes about 300 sq. meters to feed one person for a year. 
Since a kilometer is 1,000 meters, we could feed 3,333 people per sq. kilometer, but let’s use 3,000 people per sq. kilometer to make math easy. Meaning it would take 2,333,333 sq. kilometers (or 3000 ÷ 7,000,000,000) to feed the entire population for a year.
The total farmland in the US is about 922,000,000 acres of land. There are 247.1 acres per sq. kilometer, meaning there is a total of 3,731,282 sq. kilometers (or 922,000,000 ÷ 247.1) of farm land. That’s more than the 2,333,333 sq. kilometers needed to feed the entire population. In other words, the farmland in the US can feed us all!
So why does the Government Continue to Insist we are Overpopulated?
That’s simple… MONEY, MONEY, MONEY, MONEY, MONEY! 
Along with many major corporations, they seek any opportunity to be billionaires. But even worse, these power elite — per the Georgia Guidestones — desire serious population reduction. Instead of the 7+ billion population, they desire 500,000,000 people.
Ultimately, their end game is EUGENICS!
Al Gore, Billy Boy, Ted Turner, and others like them, are using their power, wealth, and influence to manipulate the masses. They believe they can decide who is worthy to live and die. 
Their eugenics agenda lives on, and the bought and controlled media continues to churn out propaganda telling us we have to die so that the Earth (and the elite) may live on. What a load of crap! 
In conclusion the world’s population is declining not increasing.
As I see it fertility rates are rising, abortions are skyrocketing, contraception are in high demand, governments are limiting the number of children in China, we are eating sterilizing foods, and drinking fluoride water, which are all preventing us from any major population growth. 
Eventually we’ll enter a new paradigm in which the elderly outnumber the younger. In 30 years or so well see the full effect of what the power elite have in store for us. 
By Lisa Haven / Cover image

 








The Protocols of the Elders of Zion — Probably Wrote by the Rothschilds 
Previous post





The Satanic Nature of Modern Cult-ure 
Next post




Related Articles 





 


ControlMicrochip ImplantWorld Economic Forum


World Economic Forum: There Are ‘Rational’ Reasons to Microchip Your Child
HAFAugust 20, 2022 






 


Artificial Intelligence (A.I.)ControlWorld Economic Forum


World Economic Forum Calls for Merging of Human and AI Intel to Censor ‘Hate Speech’ & ‘Misinformation’
HAFAugust 16, 2022 







 


DepopulationWar on Food


Yet Another US Food Processing Plant Catches Fire
HAFJune 16, 2022 







 


ControlTechnocracyTranshumanism


Exposing the Agenda to Implement Global Totalitarianism Based on Technocratic & Transhumanist Ideologies
HAFJune 14, 2022 


 












Get new posts by email:  Subscribe

Popular Posts this Week



Declassified Document Reveals the US Government Discovered an Ancient Martian Race
Throughout the decades, America’s infamous Central Inte...



The Eulogy of Queen Elizabeth II That You Won’t See On Your TV
Turn on a TV, open a web browser, or scroll social medi...



Fauci Paid $453K to Make Primates Transgender
Anthony Fauci recently announced he would be stepping d...



George Soros’ Chief Mission is the Downfall of America
Billionaire George Soros is that rare megalomaniac who...



Journalist Peter Hitchens: Wrecking the Economy and the State-sponsored Panic Killed More People Than Covid
Journalist Peter Hitchens: Wrecking the Economy and the...



The Encounter of a US Army Officer With Blue-Skinned Andromedans
The number of alien species in the universe is the subj...



World Economic Forum Reveals Plan to Block Out the Sun With ‘Space Bubbles’
In June of 2019, the World Economic Forum — a private g...



World Economic Forum Calls for Merging of Human and AI Intel to Censor ‘Hate Speech’ & ‘Misinformation’
Despite the fact that no one asked, the World Economic...



The War of Inversion: An All-Out Assault Against Humanity
by Jesse Smith There’s a war going on that no one is sa...



Greenpeace Founder Patrick Moore Says Climate Change Based On False Narratives
A series of email exchanges between Greenpeace Founder...



Get new posts by email:  Subscribe





Or donate using cryptocurrency

Categories

5G Dangers

About me

Agenda 2030

Alzheimer's

Archons

Art. in German

Artificial Intelligence (A.I.

Ayahuasca

Big Brother

Big Pharma

Big Tech

Bilderberg

Billy Boy

Black Knight

Brainwashing

Brexit

Caeli Francisco

Cancer

Cashless Agenda

Censorship

Chemtrails

Child Trafficking

Clinton

Cold War 2

Communism

Consciousness

Conspiracy

Contact Tracing

Control

Coronavirus

Cosmos

Crisis Actors

Crop Circles

Crypto News

Crystal Skulls

Cyber Polygon

Cyberattacks

Deep State

Dejan Davchevski

Demonic Possession

Depopulation

Detox

Diabetes

Digital ID

Directed Energy Weapons

Disney

Documentaries

Drag Queen Story Time

DuPont

Ebola

Education

EMP Dangers

Empaths

ETs UFOs

Evil Corporations

Fake News

False Flags

Fasting

Federal Reserve

FEMA

Feminism

Finance

Fluoride

Forbidden History

Free Energy

Free Speech

Free Spirit

Freemasonry

Fukushima

Geoengineering

George Soros

Giants

Global Warming Hoax

GMO

Great Awakening

Great Reset

Green New Deal

Grounding

Guest Writers

HAARP

Healthcare

Hemp

Henry Kissinger

Hollow Earth

ID2020

Illuminati

Immunity Passports

Inspiration

Inspirational Public Figures

Internet of Things

Jeffrey Epstein

JFK

Julian Websdale

Julie Alexander

Khali Carol

Laura Jane

Lisa Morris

Lucy Alvet

Makia Freeman

Mandela Effect

Mari A. Raphael

Mark Nestmann

Mass Formation Psychosis

Medical Kidnapping

Meditation

Michael Martin

Microchip Implant

Migrant Crisis

Mind Control

Monsanto

MSM

Mysteries

News

Nikola Tesla

Nuclear Hazard

NWO

Occult Knowledge

OOPArt

Orwellian Wrongthink

Papal Bloodlines

PhD Anonymous

Pienaar Arno

Pineal Gland

Planet X

Planned Parenthood

Pole Shift

Police State

Political Correctness

Pollution

Pornification & Sexualization

Preppers

Project MKUltra

Propaganda

Pyramids

Q and A

Quotes

Racism

Recent Articles

Reincarnation

Religion

Rene’ Descartes

Richard Hoyle

Rockefeller

Rothschild

Sacred Geometry

Sacred Water

Satanism

Satanist Pedophiles

Science

Secret Societies

Secret Space Program

Sexualizing children

SJW

Smart Dust

Smart Meters

Social Credit Score

Spirituality

Sponsor Books

Stephanie MacDonald

Strange Murders

Subscribe

Sun-gazing

Sustainable Housing

Symbolism

Synchronicity

Technocracy

The Anunnaki

The Bush Family

The Matrix

The Vatican

Time Travel

Transgender Agenda

Transhumanism

TROLLS

Tyranny

Uncategorized

Universal Basic Income

Videos

Voting is Rigged

W.H.O.

War

War on Cash

War on Children

War on Drugs

War on Food

Weather Terrorism

Wi-Fi Dangers

Wisdom

World Economic Forum

WTC (9/11

Zephyr Prayers

Zika Virus

Zionism

Zodiac




 










This Month's Most Read



Declassified Document Reveals the US Government Discovered an Ancient Martian Race



George Soros’ Chief Mission is the Downfall of America



Fauci Paid $453K to Make Primates Transgender



 

Most Recent Posts




Swedish Government Grants $175,000 to Fund Drag Queen Shows for Children
4:00 AM




Reporter Uncovers Manson Family Connections to CIA’s MK Ultra Mind Control and Hollywood Child Trafficking
3:00 AM




Austin, TX: Pro-LGBTQP Curriculum Will Teach Third-graders How to Have Anal Sex (Public Education Becomes Pedophilia Indoctrination)
2:00 AM




460,000 Missing Children in the USA Each Year — While the Entire Dinosaur Media Protects Pedophiles
4:00 AM




New Book Exposes Obama’s Youth: He Considered a Gay Fling, Had COCAINE With a White Girl, Proposed Twice to Another, and CHEATED on Michelle Before They Married
3:00 AM




11,000 Scientists Sign Paper: Humans Are Bad Because They Eat Meat and Engage in Transportation
2:00 AM




Saying “It’s Okay to be White” is Now Considered a HATE CRIME in America
4:00 AM




When Alt Media Was Exposing Epstein, ABC & MSM Was Covering it Up — Who’s the Real Fake News?
3:00 AM




Google Search: Organic Products Are “A Lie”, GMOs Are “Good for You” and Supplements Are “Scams” in Latest Anti-health Search Manipulation
2:00 AM




What You Think is Controlled by What You Watch, and What You Watch is Controlled by the Elite
4:00 AM


 






Subscribe for daily articles:






Search Entire Site


 







© Copyright 2020 Humans Are Free. Creative Commons License. 

Home
Contact Us
Authors and Writers
Privacy policy
Dark Mode
 




























