








Terror-linked CAIR LOSES lawsuit Designed to Destroy the Terrorist Screening Database - Geller Report






















































 













			Wednesday, March 08, 2023		




Subscribe
|
News Tips




Search for:



 









































About
Donate
Articles
Categories
Quotables
Press
Books
Rebuttals
Video
 

		Donate Today
	














Search for:



 
















News Ticker:



[ March 8, 2023 ]
WOW! Trumps Bold New Proposals for 2024: 10 New Freedom Cities, Baby Bonuses, Flying Cars




[ March 8, 2023 ]
ICYMI: Listen to Pamela Geller in The Joe Hoft Show, “General Happiness Cannot Be Created...




[ March 8, 2023 ]
BREAKING: Hungary Preparing To Prosecute Nazi Collaborator George Soros For NAZI War Crimes And Murders




[ March 8, 2023 ]
BOMBSHELL Former CDC Director Testimony: US Taxpayer Money From NIH, State Department, USAID, DOD Funded...




[ March 8, 2023 ]
Newly Released Surveillance Footage: Capitol Police Ignored Abandoned, No Communication, DELIBERATELY Left Unprepared




[ March 8, 2023 ]
Chinese Foreign Minister Says Conflict with US Inevitable




[ March 7, 2023 ]
SQUIRMING McConnell Says It Was a “Mistake” for Tucker Carlson to Release Previously Unseen J6...




[ March 7, 2023 ]
Growing Number of Jan. 6 Defendants Ask Judges to Delay Trials in Light of Newly...




[ March 7, 2023 ]
The Greatest Ripoff in American History: Democrats Spent $100 Billion of Your Money on Climate...




[ March 7, 2023 ]
New, Never Seen J6 Footage Shows January 6th Committee LIED and Ray Epps LIED To...










Terror-linked CAIR LOSES lawsuit Designed to Destroy the Terrorist Screening DatabaseBy Larry Estavan - on April 1, 2021


 






 Share Tweet Truth       Gettr Parler Telegram LinkedIn       
CAIR has claimed that the government is treating Muslims as second-class citizens at airports.
However, the 4th Circuit Court of Appeals wasn’t buying that.
“The delays and burdens experienced by plaintiffs at the border and in airports, although regrettable, do not mandate a complete overhaul of the TSDB. Nor are plaintiffs’ alleged reputational injuries more persuasive. The government has not publicly disclosed their TSDB status, the inconveniences protested reflect no singular disapprobation, and plaintiffs have not demonstrated the loss of any legal rights due to their alleged TSDB inclusion.”
CAIR’s case was a facial challenge, meaning their claim is that the Watchlist is completely unconstitutional. CAIR bases this challenge on the collected accounts of 23 Muslims whose individual experiences varied widely. But the court found:


“Most plaintiffs have crossed the border or traveled internationally without unusual delays or incidents a fair percentage of the time.“
The 4th Circuit reminded CAIR that:
“By taking a roundhouse swing at the TSDB program, plaintiffs have raised the bar they must clear in order to prevail . . . A few nonrepresentative encounters, plucked in isolation from millions of encounters occurring each year, are hardly a sound basis for redesigning the entire TSDB system. . . The Supreme Court has directed that the due process inquiry and mandated procedures must be directed at the “generality of cases, not the rare exceptions. . . we are simply not permitted by the Supreme Court to give dispositive weight to outlier experiences.”
Anyone who knows CAIR will tell you they are constantly punching above their weight, trying to appear more important than they are. It didn’t work this time.
“We do not think the government has publicly disseminated the plaintiffs’ TSDB statuses in a manner sufficient to constitute an injury of constitutional proportion.”
Fourth Circuit Upholds FBI Terrorist Watch List
Courthouse News
 
A three-judge panel upheld the constitutionality of the government’s terrorist database, overturning a ruling which said that it violated the constitutional rights of Muslim-Americans.
WASHINGTON (CN) — Three conservative judges on the Fourth Circuit upheld the FBI’s terror watch list Tuesday, unanimously overturning a federal judge’s ruling which deemed it unconstitutional.
“We have such imperfect comprehension of the consequences of our interventions as to raise the prospect here of doing far more harm than good,” U.S. Circuit Judge J. Harvie Wilkinson III, a Reagan appointee, penned in the opinion.
In September 2019, U.S. District Judge Anthony Trenga in Alexandria, a Bush appointee, ruled that the government’s justifications for placing people in their Terrorist Screening Database (TSDB), which consists of over 1 million people identified as “known or suspected terrorists,” were too vague and violated constitutional rights.
Government lawyers have insisted that the program is vital to national security, and urged the judges during oral arguments not to intervene with the executive branch’s administration of the list and its national security judgments. But the nearly two dozen Muslim U.S. citizens who brought the lawsuit said the list has created significant and unconstitutional burdens for them.
In their petition, numerous Muslim-Americans say that they are routinely pulled aside in the airport for enhanced screenings, causing them to miss connecting flights. Others say that they have been detained at borders for up to 12 hours. Multiple plaintiffs claimed that they have been put in handcuffs, some say it has been difficult to get visa applications and employment, while others voiced that it’s harder to buy licenses and firearms.
But Wilkinson said the delays aren’t much different than standard delays that many travelers face.
“The delays and burdens experienced by plaintiffs at the border and in airports, although regrettable, do not mandate a complete overhaul of the TSDB,” Wilkinson wrote on behalf of himself, and Circuit Judges Julius Richardson and A. Marvin Quattlebaum, both Trump appointees.
Wilkinson ruled that the Muslim-Americans didn’t adequately demonstrate that they had been denied crossing borders, obtaining permits and the like — just that they had experienced delays. In fact, they were allowed to go through security without incident “a fair percentage of the time.” None of them alleged that they were on the “no fly” list.
“Speculation coupled with a few isolated incidents inadequately tethered to TSDB status is not enough,” Wilkinson wrote.  “We are simply not permitted by the Supreme Court to give dispositive weight to outlier experiences.”
Like he suggested during oral arguments, Wilkinson said it would have been better for plaintiffs to file individual lawsuits based on their own experiences.
[the_ad id=”110283″]
“Facial challenges have their drawbacks,” Wilkinson said. “By taking a roundhouse swing at the TSDB program, plaintiffs have raised the bar they must clear in order to prevail.”
Another government terror watch list, the Specially Designated Nationals list, came under federal scrutiny Tuesday by the Supreme Court, which heard oral arguments for a class action lawsuit involving 8,185 people who were falsely placed on the list.

 Share Tweet Truth       Gettr Parler Telegram LinkedIn        
The Truth Must be Told
Your contribution supports independent journalism
Please take a moment to consider this. Now, more than ever, people are reading Geller Report for news they won't get anywhere else. But advertising revenues have all but disappeared. Google Adsense is the online advertising monopoly and they have banned us. Social media giants like Facebook and Twitter have blocked and shadow-banned our accounts. But we won't put up a paywall. Because never has the free world needed independent journalism more.
Everyone who reads our reporting knows the Geller Report covers the news the media won't. We cannot do our ground-breaking report without your support. We must continue to report on the global jihad and the left's war on freedom. Our readers’ contributions make that possible.
Geller Report's independent, investigative journalism takes a lot of time, money and hard work to produce. But we do it because we believe our work is critical in the fight for freedom and because it is your fight, too.


Please contribute here.



or



					Make a monthly commitment to support The Geller Report – choose the option that suits you best.
				

$25.00 here
$50.00 here
$75.00 here
$100.00 here
$250.00 here





 


Quick note: We cannot do this without your support. Fact. Our work is made possible by you
		and only you. We receive no grants, government handouts, or major funding.

Tech giants are shutting us down. You know this. Twitter, LinkedIn, Google Adsense, Pinterest permanently
		banned us. Facebook, Google search et al have shadow-banned, suspended and deleted us from your news feeds.
		They are disappearing us. But we are here.
	

Subscribe to Geller Report newsletter here— it’s free and it’s essential NOW when informed decision making and opinion is essential to America's survival.
		Share our posts on your social channels and with your email contacts. Fight the great fight.
	
Follow Pamela Geller on Gettr. I am there. click here. 

		Follow Pamela Geller on Trump's social media platform, Truth Social. 

		It's open and free.

	
Remember, YOU make the work possible. If you can, please contribute to Geller Report.
	

Join The Conversation. Leave a Comment.
We have no tolerance for comments containing violence, racism, profanity, vulgarity, doxing, or discourteous behavior. If a comment is spammy or unhelpful, click the - symbol under the comment to let us know. Thank you for partnering with us to maintain fruitful conversation.
Please note: We no longer use Disqus; your Disqus login/password will no longer work on this site.
If you would like to join the conversation, but don't have an account, you can sign up for one right here.
If you do have an account, but are having problems logging in or leaving a comment, it may be because of a browser extension or add-on, perhaps uBlock Origin or an ad blocker or something else. We want you to join the conversation, so perhaps disable browser extensions or your ad blocker until that "post comment" button appears. We look forward to seeing your comments below!





Post navigation
PreviousNext

 



Help Us Fight







Donate via Stripe, an alternative to Paypal

Search for:




recent Comments

PatD on BREAKING: Hungary Preparing To Prosecute Nazi Collaborator George Soros For NAZI War Crimes And MurdersStaff Sgt Chaos on BREAKING: Hungary Preparing To Prosecute Nazi Collaborator George Soros For NAZI War Crimes And MurdersStaff Sgt Chaos on BREAKING: Hungary Preparing To Prosecute Nazi Collaborator George Soros For NAZI War Crimes And MurdersStaff Sgt Chaos on BREAKING: Hungary Preparing To Prosecute Nazi Collaborator George Soros For NAZI War Crimes And MurdersJanD on The Greatest Ripoff in American History: Democrats Spent $100 Billion of Your Money on Climate Hoax 


Fund The Fight
We all need heroes.  Donate Monthly
Choose your subscription level






Subscriber : $18.00 USD - monthly
Contributor : $36.00 USD - monthly
Patron : $50.00 USD - monthly
Silver member : $100.00 USD - monthly
Gold member : $250.00 USD - monthly
Platinum member : $500.00 USD - monthly








books & Movies
By Pamela Geller





It is the conflict of our age, yet no one dares talk about it. The true story of the Islamic Supremacist war on free speech as told by those on the front lines fighting for our First Amendment rights,
					.
				
Buy Now





Pamela Geller tells her own story of how she became one of the world's foremost activists for the freedom of speech,
					individual rights, and equality of rights for all. "It's my story, it's what happens when someone fights for freedom in America today,"
					Geller explained.
				
Buy Now





Today Islamic supremacists are demanding more accommodation of Islamic principles
					and practices than ever, and daily growing more aggressive in eroding our freedoms – with politically
					correct public officials only too happy..
				
Buy Now





Popular conservative blogger Pamela Geller and New York Times bestselling author
					Robert Spencer sound a wake-up call for Americans to stop the Obama administration from limiting our
					hard-won...
				
Buy Now





The Ground Zero Mosque: The Second Wave of the 9/11 Attacks is a groundbreaking documentary on the controversy
                    over the planned Islamic supremacist mega-mosque at Ground Zero.
                
Buy Now



must See Video




VIDEO: Pamela Geller Discussing Massive Corruption in the FBI on OAN 

 








Explore

About
Articles
Books
Notable Quotables
Archive
Press
Contact
Disclaimer
Privacy Policy
 





Connect





































Subscribe To Our Newsletter

 




Copyright © 2023 Geller Report 

Geller Report
















Thanks for sharing!Thanks for sharing!
We invite you to become a Geller Report insider. Sign up for our free email newsletter, get the news the media won't cover.







