

  



















Climate Change – Myth or Fact? - The Washington Standard



















































 


































Privacy Policy
Contact
About Us
National Headlines Today
Store

Keep & Bear Arms
All Natural Products
Essential Oils
Home Educate Your Kids For Free
Amazon
Bulletproof Vests



 









































US
Politics
Commentary
Constitution & Law
World
Economy
Gun News
National Headlines Today
Store

Keep & Bear Arms
All Natural Products
Essential Oils
Home Educate Your Kids For Free
Amazon
Bulletproof Vests



About Us









 


US
Politics
Commentary
Constitution & Law
World
Economy
Gun News
National Headlines Today
Store

Keep & Bear Arms
All Natural Products
Essential Oils
Home Educate Your Kids For Free
Amazon
Bulletproof Vests


About Us









Home»US»Climate Change – Myth or Fact?
US
Climate Change – Myth or Fact?
Leon Puissegur
2020-01-24




Leon Puissegur

/
 January 24, 2020






16
Shares



Facebook



Twitter



Pinterest



WhatsApp






We hear of all the talk about Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez’s “Green New Deal” that is allegedly supposed to help eliminate “Climate Change.”  We are led to believe that rising sea levels, loss of ice shelf in Antarctica, loss of ice in the North Pole or a host of other things being caused by “Climate Change/Global Warming”. Can we really believe this to be true? Is this a drawn-up ideology that somehow is bringing the world back to the days of horse and carriage? Just how did this get started in the first place? Where did all the “scientists” come up with these ideas? Just how bad it is? Even a much better question, is it real?
To answer these questions, we could go back to Nazi Germany that raised the same question in their hay day. But instead, let us drift back to our earlier article showing the Nazi connection.
The Nazi Origins of Apocalyptic Global Warming Theory

How To Protect Yourself From 5G, EMF & RF Radiation
Grab This Bucket Of Heirloom Seeds & Get Free Shipping With Promo Code TIM
Build Your Own Food Forest & Save 5% With Promo Code TIMBROWN
Here’s A Way You Can Stockpile Food For The Future
Stockpile Your Ammo & Save $15 On Your First Order
Preparing Also Means Detoxifying – Here’s One Simple Way To Detoxify
Save Up To 66% Off MyPillow with Promo Code TIMBROWN
Grab guns, accessories, gear and optics at the lowest prices

Tuesday, February 15, 2011
One of the primary pioneering theorists on apocalyptic global warming is Guenther Schwab (1902-2006), an Austrian Nazi.[i] In 1958, Schwab wrote a fictional novel built off of Goethe’s (1749-1832) Faustian religious play entitled “Dance with the Devil.” While a few scientists since the late 1800’s had contemplated the possibility of minor global warming coming from industrial pollution, Schwab used Goethe’s dramatic approach to convert the theory into an apocalyptic crisis. The book outlines many looming environmental emergencies, including anthropogenic global warming. Guenther Schwab’s very popular novel was an apocalyptic game changer. By the early 1970’s, it had been translated into several languages and had sold over a million copies.


The success of Schwab’s book helped him to establish an international environmental organization called “The World League for the Defense of Life.” Not surprisingly, Werner Haverbeck, former Hitler Youth member and Nazi environmental leader of the Reich’s League for Folk National Character and Landscape, later became the chairman of Schwab’s organization. In 1973, Haverbeck blamed the environmental crisis in Germany on American capitalism. It was an unnatural colonial import that had infected Germany like a deadly foreign body.
Post Continues on www.americanthinker.com
Here we see that at least back to maybe 1939, Global Warming was considered, but was it real or just a way to take money to use for grants into this alleged ideology? Notice in the brief description of the Nazi idea of “Global Warming” that it was a fictional account with no factual basis of the idea, much like the “Climate Change” ideology of today where it is based upon misleading facts and mistaken calculations. Should we subscribe to an idea that has never been proven through real documentation that is based upon theories that leave out periods of cool just to get to a warming period?
We will show these and other ideas, including a recent article that says we are heading to a cooling period due to less activity from the sun, the one factor seldom considered by the “Climate Change” fearmongers.
We can look into one most recent vice president that boosted the idea to the hot debate it is today, none other than Vice President Al Gore. Al Gore ran with the “Climate Change/Global Warming” ideology without having enough scientific input. He obtained scientists who saw what he saw to support his claim even though 10 of his dire predictions never came to pass.
It is like that young girl, Greta Thunberg, who is just 16 years old but spews ideas that are much older than her. What that child is doing is reading the script prepared for her by the very people that stand to make billions if they ever get their agenda to be enacted fully. And recently, it has been alleged that her father has been writing her statements for her.
Let us take a look at the ten items Al Gore had predicted to happen if we did not put a stop to the production of carbon dioxide.
Masses of people are misinformed or misled on issues like physician-assisted suicide, marijuana legalization, unrestricted abortion, wholesale immigration, socialism, a “war on women”, “free” entitlements, and “pandemic” Wall Street fraud.
Similarly, people are manipulated and deceived regarding dire climate change/global warming reports.
This hysteria and apocalyptic fear-mongering remind many of the 1970 Earth Day predictions that fizzled like a firecracker:

End of civilization in 15-30 years
100-200 million deaths to starvation yearly for 10 years
A new ice age by 2000
Gore’s Predictions Fall Flat
13 years after Al Gore’s “Inconvenient Truth” guilt/fear producing predictions, let’s close by examining just how accurate his “science” proved to be on his way to the bank.
1. Rising Sea Levels – inaccurate and misleading. Al was even discovered purchasing a beachfront mansion!
2. Increased Tornadoes – declining for decades.
3. New Ice Age in Europe – they’ve been spared; it never happened.
4. South Sahara Drying Up – completely untrue.
5. Massive Flooding in China and India – again didn’t happen.
6. Melting Arctic – false – 2015 represents the largest refreezing in years.
7. Polar Bear Extinction – actually they are increasing!
8. Temperature Increases Due to CO2 – no significant rising for over 18 years.
9. Katrina a Foreshadow of the Future – false – past 10 years, no F3 hurricanes; “longest drought ever!”
10. The Earth Would be in a “True Planetary Emergency” Within a Decade Unless Drastic Action Taken to Reduce Greenhouse Gasses – never happened.
(See – https://governmentslaves.news/2019/11/29/al-gores-10-global-warming-predictions-13-years-later-none-happened/)

Yes, every one of Al Gore’s predictions failed to happen.
Think about that since it clearly shows that was predicted to happen back in the 1970s and it never developed at all.  That is why many are very skeptical now about what some say about our world being in dire straights if we do nothing in the next 10 years.
We could go on with this about Al Gore and where he learned about this and what he has done to make millions from the misery of his imposed carbon tax which, by the way, is nothing more then a piece of paper stating the company did not produce over their quota of carbon emissions which has not done anything to really stop that. On the other hand, that piece of paper makes people like Al Gore rich because he gets money for nothing!
To read a lot more on how Al Gore got his thinking on climate change, go to the site below and read the story of how he got started.
https://climatechangedispatch.com/gws-amazing-story/
In that article, is the long history of how the fake Climate Change/Global Warming idea got started.
On April 10, 2019, an article was written by Dr. Tony Phillips stating that, “a Long Deep Solar minimum” was coming into being.
The entire article can be seen here:  https://spaceweatherarchive.com/2019/04/10/experts-predict-the-solar-cycle/
However, we’ll look at some excerpts from Dr. Phillips’ article to show that this entire “Global Warming/Climate Change” ideology is filled with nothing but the hot air they are spewing forth about it.
Let us begin.
An international panel of experts was called together for NOAA’s annual Space Weather Workshop.
In this article, it can be found that scientists came to a much different conclusion then what Al Gore and the Socialist Democratic Party are yelling. It was stated in the second paragraph:

“We expect Solar Cycle 25 will be very similar to Cycle 24: another fairly weak maximum, preceded by a long, deep minimum,” says panel co-chair Lisa Upton, a solar physicist with Space Systems Research Corp.

Given this statement it can safely be stated that we will not see the extreme hot wave of alleged carbon influenced weather systems. Not being a scientist, it can be hard to understand what they discuss and how that will affect our life here on Earth. To state it in terms that many may be able to understand we feel that our understanding may help a bit. What these scientist and others are stating is that our weather will not be as bad as previous years and may in fact be a bit cooler than usual.
We know this may be hard to understand when some spots today are breaking record of warmth, but that has to be taken with a grain of salt. In most instances the local weather stations use temperature gauges that are close to concrete and blacktop which give higher than normal readings due to their locations. If one goes to the outlying country the temperature can be as much as 5 degrees or lower than the ones recorded by the weather stations. This is a fact and you just have to ask someone who lives out in the country near forests or open cattle farms, the temperatures in those areas will be nearly 10 degrees lower than those taken near concrete or blacktop, that is a fact.
In another article written on June 14, 2019 by Sacha Dobler brought extremely bad news for those now promoting the “Green New Deal,” which would cast us into horse and buggy days if they did what they want to do, which is to ban oil!
The next Grand Solar Minimum has (very likely) begun: NASA predicts lowest solar cycle in 200 years
By Sacha Dobler on 14. June 2019 •
https://abruptearthchanges.com/2019/06/14/the-next-grand-solar-minimum-has-very-likely-begun-nasa-predicts-lowest-solar-cycle-in-200-years/
Think of this for a short while, a solar minimum lower than that of 200 years ago, for one to understand that all we have to do is go back 200 years to see what the weather back then was, going back 200 years brings us to 1819 when the article was published and what took place during that time? That was known as the “Dalton Minimum.
Dalton Minimum
“The Dalton Minimum was a period of low solar activity, named after the English meteorologist John Dalton, lasting from about 1790 to 1830.[1] Like the Maunder Minimum and Spörer Minimum, the Dalton Minimum coincided with a period of lower-than-average global temperatures. The Oberlach Station in Germany, for example, experienced a 2.0°C decline over 20 years.[2] The Year Without a Summer, in 1816, also occurred during the Dalton Minimum. Solar cycles 5 and 6, as shown below, were greatly reduced in amplitude.” Antony Watts. 
Here it is shown that a decrease of 2 full degrees Celsius over 20 years happened, which is a drop in temperature of some 35.6 degrees Fahrenheit over a 20-year period. This makes one wonder if maybe we will see the same drop over the next few years.  What would happen to the “Climate Change” ideas if this happens?  Maybe those who are pushing hard for the “Climate Change” ideas know this and are pushing that hard to get what they want before we get into the deep cycle that is coming upon us and not according to NASA not going to end until 2025 which would destroy the “Climate Change/Global Warming” fearmongers dead in their tracks.
We should stop and look at these predictions because if we just plug along with the “New Green Deal,” we could all freeze to death in the cold without fuel or oil or natural gas to keep us warm. California has some spots where they cannot build a house that uses natural gas!
We have to understand that these predictions will not be shown on the Lame Stream Media, also known as Fake News, because they support the “Green New Deal,” which shuts down nearly all of our current forms of fuel, including coal. According to those promoting this “Green New Deal,” we should only use wind mills, which use up to 10 acres of land for one wind mill, solar panels, which would take up miles and miles of space to equal what just one Natural Gas fired generator would produce, and of course, use dams to produce power, which is perhaps the best way to obtain power at a fairly cheap rate, but we cannot dam up all rivers or streams.
Our cheapest and most economical means of producing electricity that we need comes from natural gas and oil.
Lets us continue on with the article.

Even more than ten years ago: NASA’s Dr. David Hathaway accurately predicted that solar cycle 24 (that peaked in 2014) would be the weakest solar maximum since 1928. From the NY Times 2009:
“Still, something like the Dalton Minimum — two solar cycles in the early 1800s that peaked at about an average of 50 sunspots — lies in the realm of the possible, Dr. Hathaway said.”

As far back as 2009, we have had predictions of a cooling period to come and not the “Global Warming/Climate Change.”  One has to wonder why the news has ignored this and why it seems that not a single news network is talking about what surely may come. Are they waiting for it to happen before stating anything?
We produced articles from April and June of 2019 that showed our world may be heading into a cold period much like the early 1800s where people died from cold and lack of food, and farms could not produce, but now, with this very same type of problem now upon our footstep, the news does not report it nor do they clamber all over it as they do for the “Global Warming/Climate Change”.
Is this because it totally destroys their prophecy of the world getting too hot? People should delve into these articles to understand what is going on because if this is anywhere near true, we are going to see temperatures drop from this year forward and it will catch millions by surprise because they believe we are making our world hotter and not cooler.
However, let us toss information to read and maybe wake up some and spread the word so we can be prepared for the bad times that may be upon us.  Even if they do not come to be, we will be prepared for it.

NASA – Next Solar Cycle will be Weakest in 200 Years
September 8, 2019Russ Steele
September 5, 2019 by Robert at Ice Age Now
“NASA dropped this bombshell announcement in a little-heralded news release coyly entitled “Solar Activity Forecast for Next Decade Favorable for Exploration.” In other words, NASA tried to make it sound like good news.
In the release, dated 12 June 2019, NASA described the upcoming decline in solar activity as a window of opportunity for space exploration instead of acknowledging the disastrous consequences such a decline could wreak on civilization.
Here are some direct quotes from the news release:
The Sun’s activity rises and falls in an 11-year cycle. The forecast for the next solar cycle says it will be the weakest of the last 200 years. (Emphasis added) The maximum of this next cycle – measured in terms of sunspot number, a standard measure of solar activity level – could be 30 to 50% lower than the most recent one. The results show that the next cycle will start in 2020 and reach its maximum in 2025.
Sunspots are regions on the Sun with magnetic fields thousands of times stronger than the Earth’s. Fewer of them at the point of maximum solar activity means fewer dangerous blasts of radiation.
The new research was led by Irina Kitiashvili, a researcher with the Bay Area Environmental Research Institute at NASA’s Ames Research Center, in California’s Silicon Valley. It combined observations from two NASA space missions – the Solar and Heliospheric Observatory and the Solar Dynamics Observatory – with data collected since 1976 from the ground-based National Solar Observatory.
In admitting that solar activity during sunspot-cycle 25 could be the weakest in 200 years, NASA was effectively forecasting a return to Dalton Minimum (1790-1830) conditions. But the release gives no mention of the ferocious cold, no mention of the disastrous crop losses, no mention of the ensuing starvation and famine, no mention of the wars over food, no mention of the powerful earthquakes, no mention of the catastrophic volcanic eruptions during the Dalton Minimum.
Some people consider the low solar activity a trigger for other catastrophic events such as the 1811-1812 New Madrid Fault Earth Quakes and 1815 eruption of Mount Tamboura.  As you can see from this chart global cooling produced some strong eruption.
NASA Paper is HERE

This becomes disturbing since Mr. Steele discusses the real possibilities of earthquakes, volcanoes, wars over food, and crop losses.   Yet, to this day, not a single news agency has come forward to even ask the question:

 “Is this going to happen and if so, what can the people do to keep themselves alive?”

We are told on nearly a daily basis that we need to stop producing oil, natural gas, and coal so we can save the environment from “Global Warming,” but with brand new scientific revelations, we now find that we are moving into what may well be an extreme cooling period that will cripple our nation and the world.
Notice in the last paragraph the reference to the  “New Madrid Fault.”
This is very important because this fault has become just a little active recently with some movement. That makes the very idea about this fault being ready to erupt again a good possibility. Yet, the news media are silent. This fault caused the great Mississippi River to run backwards for a brief period and caused a lot of damage. Today, there are a lot of people living on and near the fault and the rupture of this fault would kill and injure many people. Do we sit around when we see danger approaching? No, and we should at least prepare for this fault and the other problems that may well be coming before they happen so we can be ready to help and feed those in need, instead of waiting for it to happen and then react.

Global Cooling may last for 50 years! 
Reduced sunspot activity has been observed and indicates the sun is heading into a 50 year reduced solar activity similar to what happened in the mid-17th century.
Comparison to similar stars indicates the reduced activity will cause 0.25% less UV for 50 years.
Modelling indicates that this will cause a few tenths of a degree of cooling.
This will counteract global warming for 50 years.
The cooldown would be the result of what scientists call a grand minimum, a periodic event during which the Sun’s magnetism diminishes, sunspots form infrequently, and less ultraviolet radiation makes it to the surface of the planet. Scientists believe that the event is triggered at irregular intervals by random fluctuations related to the Sun’s magnetic field.
Scientists have used reconstructions based on geological and historical data to attribute a cold period in Europe in the mid-17th Century to such an event, named the “Maunder Minimum.” Temperatures were low enough to freeze the Thames River on a regular basis and freeze the Baltic Sea to such an extent that a Swedish army was able to invade Denmark in 1658 on foot by marching across the sea ice.
A team of scientists led by research physicist Dan Lubin at Scripps Institution of Oceanography at the University of California San Diego has created for the first time an estimate of how much dimmer the Sun should be when the next minimum takes place.
There is a well-known 11-year cycle in which the Sun’s ultraviolet radiation peaks and declines as a result of sunspot activity. During a grand minimum, Lubin estimates that ultraviolet radiation diminishes an additional seven percent beyond the lowest point of that cycle. His team’s study, “Ultraviolet Flux Decrease Under a Grand Minimum from IUE Short-wavelength Observation of Solar Analogs,” appears in the publication Astrophysical Journal Letters and was funded by the state of California.

If these predictions do, in fact, happen, will it not be better to have been prepared for them instead of reacting after the disaster occurs? Would it not be much more productive to inform people that we are beginning to move into a time where our world is cooling down more than expected? Will we be able to help people if we are not prepared for the worst? Should we shut down our supply of energy just because some people decide it is bad for us when the reality is that it could be what saves us?
There are so many questions that have to be asked, but instead of asking them, our news media finds it much better to spread lies, suppositions, propaganda and fake news all over while the most important news is in our laps but they do not wish to go against their socialist friends.
Remember that NASA, NOAA, and the Scripps Institute of Oceanography (It has to mentioned that it was the Scripts Institute is where the “Global Warming” idea sprang forward with Roger Revelle) have stated that the sun is going into a period of cooling that may well last to at least 2025 with earthquakes and volcanoes which will make it even worse. It is our hope that what we have shown will help all make a determination as to whether or not the “Global Warming” alarmist is worth listening to or if you wish to be prepared for what may well be placed upon our doorsteps.
    Leon Puissegur  		Leon Puissegur is a Disabled Vietnam Veteran with 3 children and 9
grandchildren. He has been married to the same wonderful lady for 43
years. He is an award-winning author and has been writing opinion pieces over the years and in just the last few years has written 4 books and a large number of articles on many sites. You can purchase his books at Amazon. 	      View all posts    











Related Posts

















Matt Agorist


 


200 Cops In A Single Department Accused Of Domestic Violence & Sex Crimes, Including Against Children


 













The Washington Standard


 


Readin’, ‘Ritin, & Rainbow Madness! Drag Queen Forces 11-Year-Old To Leave Class For Denying 73 Genders


 













Matt Agorist


 


Video of Cop Beating Innocent Man for Not Using Sidewalk was So Disturbing the Cop Was Arrested


 













The Washington Standard


 


Each Migrant Costs NYC $10,000 A Month


 







Previous post

				Forty-Seven Years Of An American Holocaust			




Next post

				Is Florida Department Of Law Enforcement Covering Up A Crime By Lee County Sheriff?			






 


Sign Up To Receive Our Daily Updates





* Email








Subscribe






 



 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 






Categories

Commentary

Constitution & Law

Economy

Politics

Uncategorized

US

Videos

World
















Copyright © The Washington Standard, All Rights Reserved.
Our posts contain affiliate links and we earn a small commission from those links. This is how we help to make money so we can continue to bring you amazing content. Thank you for your support.
 

 












SHARE
Climate Change – Myth or Fact?















































