


















































X22Report: March Madness, Public Will Know Soon, When Does A Bird Sing? - Must Video | Opinion - Conservative | Before It's News



















You're using an Ad-Blocker.
BeforeItsNews only exists through ads.We ask all patriots who appreciate the evil we expose and want to
help us savage the NWO with more Truth to disable your ad-blocker on our site only so we can grow and expose more evil!Funding
gives us more weapons! Thank you patriots! Oh and If you disable the Ad-blocker - on your deathbed you will receive total
consciousness. So you got that going for you...which is nice!



Disable
Dismiss




 
Before It's News











Featured |
Economy |
Health |
Beyond Science |
Power of Belief |
Sustainable Living|
Inspiration |
Live |
Video |
Top 50 |
Most Recent |
Shopping |
Categories









Read the Beforeitsnews.com story here.
Advertise at Before It's News here.








By John Rolls
 (Reporter)
Contributor profile |
More stories







Story Views



Now:



Last hour:



Last 24 hours:



Total:





 






X22Report: March Madness, Public Will Know Soon, When Does A Bird Sing? - Must Video


Sunday, March 21, 2021 18:54 






% of readers think this story is Fact. Add your two cents.


























***Support BeforeItsNews By Trying HerbAnomic Natural Health Building Products Including Humic & Fulvic Liquid Trace Mineral Complex, Immusist Beverage Concentrate & UltraCur Bio-Available Curcumin—NOW NEW HNEX HydroNano Extracellular Oxygen Delivery System Product–SEE BELOW! Click Here For More Information & To Order!***

The patriots have but Biden on display for the world to see, we are now witnessing March madness. Election laws are changing and Trump is preparing to return to the stage. The public will soon know the truth, 11.4 is actionable, the outer fence around DC will be removed. Trump preparing to unveil his new social media site
  























Before It’s News® is a community of individuals who report on what’s going on around them, from all around the world.
Anyone can join.
Anyone can contribute.
Anyone can become informed about their world.
"United We Stand" Click Here To Create Your Personal Citizen Journalist
 Account Today, Be Sure To Invite Your Friends.


Please Help Support BeforeitsNews by trying our Natural Health Products below!Order by Phone at 888-809-8385 or online at https://mitocopper.com M - F 9am to 5pm ESTOrder by Phone at 866-388-7003 or online at https://www.herbanomic.com M - F 9am to 5pm ESTOrder by Phone at 866-388-7003 or online at https://www.herbanomics.com M - F 9am to 5pm ESTHumic & Fulvic Trace Minerals Complex - Nature's most important supplement! Vivid Dreams again!HNEX HydroNano EXtracellular Water - Improve immune system health and reduce inflammation.Ultimate Clinical Potency Curcumin - Natural pain relief, reduce inflammation and so much more.MitoCopper - Bioavailable Copper destroys pathogens and gives you more energy. (See Blood Video)Oxy Powder - Natural Colon Cleanser!  Cleans out toxic buildup with oxygen!Nascent Iodine - Promotes detoxification, mental focus and thyroid health.Smart Meter Cover -  Reduces Smart Meter radiation by 96%! (See Video). 


















Related Stories

 












Comments
 Click here to cancel reply.

Your Comments


































Total 8 comments







Stonemason 

On January 11, Donald Trump was inaugurated as President of the Restored Republic.
On January 18, the U.S. Military began sweeping arrests of Congress.
After the January 20 inauguration, the Military gathered over 200 people from various state governments and took them for helicopter rides, forcing them to confess about crimes of treason in regards to foreign interference in the 2020 Election, including interference from the Chinese Communist Party.
Biden, who was President of the bankrupt U.S., inc., was said to have made a $4 billion deal with China that gave permission to the Chinese Communist Party to test their new HAARP Polar Vortex ice storm weather warfare machine on Texas. Texas was targeted for this, a Military Intel contact reported last week, because Texas had the most “humanitarians for new earth” (followed by Florida, then California), and because Texas was likely to be the seat of the Federal Government of the new Restored Republic, in the Houston and/or Austin areas.
On Monday February 15, lights were again out at the White House, and there were reports of gun fire. Witnesses reported that they were using a vast amount of tunnels under the White House to move prisoners. On that same morning, during the early morning hours, at least 5 to 6 police cars loaded up from the White House, left, and returned, five or six times.
On Thursday February 18 at 3 am, dozens of Military Attorneys (Judge Advocate Generals, or JAGs) arrived at the White…




Mar 21, 2021, 7:04 pm 








0
Reply 







Anonymous 

you should write a book since snow white,dr suess,and all the other fairy tale books have been banned…call it “Acid Trip”…




Mar 21, 2021, 9:22 pm 








0
Reply 







Dystopian Delight 

There it is again. You’re quite the paste-er aren’t you. Stoner boy, have a good night.




Mar 22, 2021, 8:04 pm 








0
Reply 









Egyptcat 

Sounds legit, but the bastards stole the election!  I don’t think President Trump planned that!




Mar 21, 2021, 10:48 pm 








1
Reply 







grayeagle40 

⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️When it’s in a cage. Pharmakia of Revelation 18:23
https://youtu.be/NyhkMeEgAZg?t=1 Pls like & link this video thank you.




Mar 22, 2021, 2:17 am 








0
Reply 







allendaves 

#2 SECOND COMING Thou Fool! “I come quickly” so “Hold fast till i come”… NOT …“in another 2000 yrs I might be coming soon any time now, so hold fast”!?! …those that deny the second coming of Christ in the war of AD70 are practicing a damnable heresy in denying the lord that bought them ( 2Peter 2:1-2 ;2Tim 4:8/ you cant love an appearing you deny& the context is the 2nd coming not the first)… Mat 7:23..”I NEVER KNEW YOU” …..Mat 10:33. But whosoever shall deny me before men……..sound familiar?…. If I said I am coming to your house in this generation when these things happen but no one knows the day or hour what fool would think I might be coming in 2000 years latter!?!? ..2 Tim 4: 4. And they shall turn away their ears from the truth, and shall be TURNED UNTO FABLES. 2Thess 2: 11. And for this cause God shall send them strong delusion, that they should believe a lie: 12. That they all might be damned who believed not the truth, but had pleasure in unrighteousness. DOWNLOAD FREE THE ENTIRE 480PG BOOK AT SEVERAL LOCATIONS https://www.scribd.com/doc/305366745/Revelation-the-First-Gospel-of-the-Kingdom or http://www.globethics.net/gtl/5455069 Revelation The First Gospel of The Kingdom or https://www.academia.edu/23464127/REVELATION_THE_FIRST_GOSPEL_OF_THE_KINGDOM 
https://www.scribd.com/doc/305367608/The-Trinity-Heresy OR https://www.academia.edu/23463667/THE_TRINITY_HERESY or http://www.globethics.net/gtl/10920799 THE TRINITY HERESY
Predestination….its true..its all true…download here https://www.scribd.com/doc/306868420/Most-True-Christians-Go-to-Hell http://www.globethics.net/gtl/10920800 Most true Christians go to hell https://www.academia.edu/25217564/Most_True_Christains_Go_to_Hell




Mar 22, 2021, 6:10 am 








0
Reply 







Terracer 

What difference does any of what we know or what we don’t know make? No one of authority is going to attempt to arrest any of these luciferian psychopaths lest they get “arkansided”. The bad guys own the system, lock, stock, and barrel and there is not path where man can recover this once great republic. America is gone.. she is the biblical “mystery babylon” and will be conquered by her enemies because GOD (whom she kicked out) is going to pull His hedge of protection from her.




Mar 22, 2021, 8:39 am 








0
Reply 







Joske 

I have been listening to you for months now and I can only say that what happens in the US is happening on a global scale… Maybe you should try and get a little more global… 
I.g. Belgian virologist abt the vaccine is a good one, is on bitchute bc banned from all the rest : https://www.bitchute.com/video/fBvfxnsxv37D/?fbclid=IwAR2-1-88Evycwa_x73YWnOf5fOWHkDfFNgduLP5vFOyBmYbzzw24cgIFugs  
To all those who took the jab, willingly or not, may God bless you.
I do not live in Belgium anymore, I knew it was comming, so I moved to another land 5y ago and I am gathering seeds (bc that is what my God told me to do).
Another example is : whilst the rest of Europe putting off AstraZeneca vaccines, Belgiium asked (yep you read that right), if they could get more and the idiocy does not stop there, google the way people can travel by train to the coast … Europe needs help too and sooner rather than later




Mar 22, 2021, 11:48 am 








0
Reply 














MOST RECENT











Load more ...









HELP KEEP NEWS FREE
DONATE HERE


OLD VERSION


FORUM








Online:



Visits:
1,468,143,817


Stories:
7,871,073





Wanted: Citizen Reporters,Whistler Blowers, Insiders
CLICK HERE TO UPLOAD NEWS!




God's Word - Zechariah Chapter 1 Listen to God's Word on Youtube! Donate to Share God's Word!













Loading... 





"Not by might, nor by power, but by my spirit, saith the Lord of hosts." Zechariah 4:6


BEFORE IT'S NEWS ON TELEGRAM
GET THE TELEGRAM APP - https://telegram.org/
JOIN OUR CHANNEL - https://t.me/BeforeitsNews


Read it..
BEFORE IT'S NEWS
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER



Submit




Today's Top Stories

Stage Set! Drop Clinton Crime Videos in Times Square! Unimaginable Treason! Pure Evil! Hell on Earth!Trump Puts The DeepState On Notice - Media Scrambling - Its The End Of The World As They've Known It!SG Anon: How We Must Take Action (Video) Katie Hobbs Busted for Accepting Bribes, Ohio Rail Derailment Update, 144000, Anti-Christ and More (Video) X22 Report - Trump Is Vengeance! War-Like Posture Activated! Thank You For Playing! - Must VideoNew Benjamin Fulford March Huge Intel 03-05-23Mel K - Who is ACTUALLY Running The White House? - Flyover ConservativesOn The Fringe - Not Everything Is As It Seems! Can We Trust Elon Musk Now? - Must VideoBreaking: Ohio Dam Collapses! Shelter In Place! Power Outages! Springfield Ohio Derailment! - Grand Supreme NewsBeware the Ides of March is Here! The Next Two Weeks May Change Everything! 










Loading... 


 


Featured

New SGTReport: 33 Masonic Symbolism via Sofia SmallstormLife and Death Situation in California / Who Will Stand UP via The Real BPEarthWatchRed Alert: It's Going Down! You Must Prepare Now! - Patrick Humphrey NewsNew David Rodriguez: SPACEFORCE- "Truth From Conspiracy" - Captain Chuck Ruffin ExplainsForced Evacuations Coming? Are The EPA & CDC Colluding To Force Americans From Homes Using CERCLA? The Great Ohio Land Grab? - Tim TruthGet Ammo Ready! Government Warning On World War! - Full Spectrum SurvivalOur Grammar Has Been Compromised...We've Been Under A 'Word Spell'...Russell-Jay:Gould. Feature On The Michelle Moore Show (VIDEO)Prophecy News - 'Watch..', given to Cherrie Archer by Jesus, March 4th, 2023The 3 Wars Of The Apocalypse27 Health Benefits Everyone Should Know 










Loading... 


 


Top Global

Clownworld News Australia 06/03/2023 "Headlines" NATO Chemical False Flag AttackPathologist Dr. Arne Burkhardt: Autopsies Show the mRNA Vaccine Shreds People From Within!More Voices Within US Establishment Conclude its Foreign Policy on Ukraine Is DisastrousNew SGTReport: 33 Masonic Symbolism via Sofia SmallstormLife and Death Situation in California / Who Will Stand UP via The Real BPEarthWatchGet Ammo Ready! Government Warning On World War! - Full Spectrum SurvivalNew David Rodriguez: SPACEFORCE- "Truth From Conspiracy" - Captain Chuck Ruffin ExplainsThe 3 Wars Of The ApocalypseQ Drop - Benjamin Fulford Intel: CFR & Distraction Wars 2023And Here We All Are (Video) 









Top Alternative

Flip Flop Fauci Must Go To JailHealthy Body, Healthier BrainProof the Jabbed Are Trackable Everywhere: The Vaccinated Are Marked and Cannot Be UnmarkedTrump update 03/05/2023..Donald Trump wins CPAC straw poll with 62% of the voteGeoengineering Watch Global Alert News, March 4,Being Old Is a State of MindDefeating the World Economic Forum’s ‘Great Reset’ Before It Destroys UsThe Fundamental Transformation of AmericaFeds Refuse to Punish Illegal Aliens for Killing EagleAuthorities Decided to Drain This River But Didn't Expect to Find This at the Bottom 



 






SignUp
Login






About | Advertise With Us | FAQ | Contact
| Privacy | Terms of Service
| Copyright Notification | RSS Subscribe | Widgets
Portions copyright © 2023 NSearch Technology, Inc., All Rights Reserved.Before It's News® is a registered Service Mark of NSearch Technology,
Inc..



Newsletter
Email this story
Email this story








If you really want to ban this commenter, please write down the reason:




If you really want to disable all recommended stories, click on OK button. After that, you will be redirect to your options page.







