


















































Stew Peters - VAERS Reveals Death By Lot Number: Specific States Get Certain Vials! - Must Video | Health | Before It's News



















You're using an Ad-Blocker.
BeforeItsNews only exists through ads.We ask all patriots who appreciate the evil we expose and want to
help us savage the NWO with more Truth to disable your ad-blocker on our site only so we can grow and expose more evil!Funding
gives us more weapons! Thank you patriots! Oh and If you disable the Ad-blocker - on your deathbed you will receive total
consciousness. So you got that going for you...which is nice!



Disable
Dismiss




 
Before It's News











Featured |
Economy |
Health |
Beyond Science |
Power of Belief |
Sustainable Living|
Inspiration |
Live |
Video |
Top 50 |
Most Recent |
Shopping |
Categories









Read the Beforeitsnews.com story here.
Advertise at Before It's News here.








By John Rolls
 (Reporter)
Contributor profile |
More stories







Story Views



Now:



Last hour:



Last 24 hours:



Total:





 






Stew Peters - VAERS Reveals Death By Lot Number: Specific States Get Certain Vials! - Must Video


Monday, November 1, 2021 19:42 






% of readers think this story is Fact. Add your two cents.


























***Support BeforeItsNews By Trying HerbAnomic Natural Health Building Products Including Humic & Fulvic Liquid Trace Mineral Complex, Immusist Beverage Concentrate & UltraCur Bio-Available Curcumin—NOW NEW HNEX HydroNano Extracellular Oxygen Delivery System Product–SEE BELOW! Click Here For More Information & To Order!***
Click Here

The Vaccine Adverse Events Reporting System (VAERS) collects information that the CDC is supposed to use to determine the safety of vaccines that have been released for the public. That system has revealed some extremely SHOCKING information about specific lot numbers that seem to be causing more damage and death than others. Dr. Jane Ruby joined Stew Peters to discuss. 























Before It’s News® is a community of individuals who report on what’s going on around them, from all around the world.
Anyone can join.
Anyone can contribute.
Anyone can become informed about their world.
"United We Stand" Click Here To Create Your Personal Citizen Journalist
Account Today, Be Sure To Invite Your Friends.


Please Help Support BeforeitsNews by trying our Natural Health Products below!Order by Phone at 888-809-8385 or online at https://mitocopper.com M - F 9am to 5pm ESTOrder by Phone at 866-388-7003 or online at https://www.herbanomic.com M - F 9am to 5pm ESTOrder by Phone at 866-388-7003 or online at https://www.herbanomics.com M - F 9am to 5pm ESTHumic & Fulvic Trace Minerals Complex - Nature's most important supplement! Vivid Dreams again!HNEX HydroNano EXtracellular Water - Improve immune system health and reduce inflammation.Ultimate Clinical Potency Curcumin - Natural pain relief, reduce inflammation and so much more.MitoCopper - Bioavailable Copper destroys pathogens and gives you more energy. (See Blood Video)Oxy Powder - Natural Colon Cleanser!  Cleans out toxic buildup with oxygen!Nascent Iodine - Promotes detoxification, mental focus and thyroid health.Smart Meter Cover -  Reduces Smart Meter radiation by 96%! (See Video). 


















Related Stories

 












Comments
 Click here to cancel reply.

Your Comments


































Total 7 comments







Theosophist 

Good video! Highest praise to Stew peters, Jane Ruby and all their kind! Hero’s to humanity.
https://supersoldiertalk.com/vaccines-samples-analyzed-aneeka-of-temmer-shares-the-findings/




Nov 1, 2021, 8:32 pm 








0
Reply 







MyTwoCents 

Where did you watch it? I see no link.




Nov 3, 2021, 3:11 am 








0
Reply 









Coyote 

I don’t know how it took them this long to get on the subject of lot numbers. Not only is the shot itself a problem, there is also a HUGE problem in the lack of safety protocols at the manufacturing facilities for the shots. Since the shots are under EUA the manufacturers can be relaxed on quality control, and given that they are mass producing billions of these shots its no surprise there are deadly batches (will just kill you quicker than its supposed to) that are released which could contain anything from the equipment used. Whenever two objects/fluids/gases touch there is always a transfer of material, its how water erodes stone. Its up to the countries who buy the shots to test each batch for consistency which they aren’t as its a momentous task and they just don’t care enough about the small percentage that could die from contaminated shots earlier then they were supposed to.




Nov 1, 2021, 9:22 pm 








0
Reply 







SnakeEyes40 

The entire thing is harmful, possibly deadly in the long term “bad lot” or not.




Nov 1, 2021, 11:39 pm 








0
Reply 









LonePatriot1 

Hospitals in USA and in first world countries are refusing life-saving Ivermectin treatment even with court orders. Big Pharma doing everything they can to jab us no matter what, while alternative COVID cures EXIST! There happens to be heavy censorship who are looking for these treatments. The Research Is Clear: Ivermectin Is a Safe, Effective Treatment for COVID. Get your Ivermectin today while you still can! https://health.p0l.org/




Nov 2, 2021, 3:57 pm 








0
Reply 







Canderson 

The New Dune Movie did not have them heart plug’s in it, that is interesting because it is how I always seen this fake vaccine thing, as a heart-plug in the Movie Dune.




Nov 2, 2021, 6:58 pm 








0
Reply 







Anonymous 

methods and systems or prioritizing treatments, vaccinations, testing and/or activities while protecting privacy or… The US Patent # US 11,107,588 B2 august 31, 2021. explains and proves everything that Dr. Ruby is talking about. Proves again they know exactly who got what all the way into Darpa and more. This is major evidence and current.




Nov 4, 2021, 5:18 am 








0
Reply 














MOST RECENT











Load more ...









HELP KEEP NEWS FREE
DONATE HERE


OLD VERSION


FORUM








Online:



Visits:
1,467,937,070


Stories:
7,870,755





Wanted: Citizen Reporters,Whistler Blowers, Insiders
CLICK HERE TO UPLOAD NEWS!




God's Word - Jeremiah 34 Listen to God's Word on Youtube! Donate to Share God's Word!













Loading... 





"Not by might, nor by power, but by my spirit, saith the Lord of hosts." Zechariah 4:6


BEFORE IT'S NEWS ON TELEGRAM
GET THE TELEGRAM APP - https://telegram.org/
JOIN OUR CHANNEL - https://t.me/BeforeitsNews


Read it..
BEFORE IT'S NEWS
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER



Submit




Today's Top Stories

Situation Update - America On The Brink! Deep State Continues To Trigger WW3! White Hats Plan For The Final Takedown! Coming Zombie Apocalypse! - We The People NewsNew Roseanne Barr and Alex Jones Interview! March 2023 Saturday SpecialGet Out Now! - Federal Emergency - 10 States - "Super Dangerous" - Patrick Humphrey NewsWalls Are Beginning To Collapse Around These Evil People! Biden Declared War Against We The People! - On The FringeTrump Puts The DeepState On Notice - Media Scrambling - Its The End Of The World As They've Known It!New Patriot Underground & Ben Fulford Intel: CFR & Distraction Wars - Underground Truth Accelerating - Giza, Soledar & Bakhmut - Taiwan Invasion Prep - China Boosts Semi-Conductor ChipPresidential Alert! Biden Administration Now Orders Total Lockdown! Constitution In Abeyyance! New Benjamin Fulford on Fake Pandemics and System ResetBombshell: FOIA Documents Reveal COVID Pandemic Was a DOD Operation Dating Back to Obama! - 'Pfizer' Caught Admitting "Babies Died During the 'mRNA' COVID-19 Vaccine Trials- Gates Foundation Insider Admits...A Massive Bank Run Threatens to Crash a Major Bank as They Desperately Try to Avoid Insolvency! - Must Video 










Loading... 


 


Featured

Charlie Ward: Situation Update and Intel with Jason Q (Video) Marines “Unalive” Clinton Clones in New York and San Diego (Video) Help JFK Jr. Raise 'Relief Funding for the Victims' of 'The Ohio Terrorist Attack' by the Deep State Cabal (Video) New Melissa Redpill: Trump Retribution CPAC 2023, Final Battle, April Fools, 3-4-23New Benjamin Fulford March Huge Intel 03-05-23The Fundamental Transformation of AmericaDr. Steven Greer - Mystery Behind UFOs and UAPs, Alien Phenomenon, and the Secret Shadow Government (Video)Mel K - Who is ACTUALLY Running The White House? - Flyover Conservatives Breaking News: Massive Fire In The Bronx! NYC Emergency Management: Shut Your Windows! - The Real GS NewsAnd We Know - Pepe Represents! We Are The News! Truth Is Spreading! There is Hope! Pray! - Must Video 










Loading... 


 


Top Global

Charlie Ward: Situation Update and Intel with Jason Q (Video) New Benjamin Fulford March Huge Intel 03-05-23New Melissa Redpill: Trump Retribution CPAC 2023, Final Battle, April Fools, 3-4-23SG Anon: How We Must Take Action (Video) It Is Over Now! This Is Going To Get Ugly! - Full Spectrum SurvivalClownworld News Australia 05/03/2023 "Headlines" Israeli Tanks Open Fire at Syrian ArmyNew Benjamin Fulford on Fake Pandemics and System ResetNew Patriot Underground & Ben Fulford Intel: CFR & Distraction Wars - Underground Truth Accelerating - Giza, Soledar & Bakhmut - Taiwan Invasion Prep - China Boosts Semi-Conductor ChipSituation Update - America On The Brink! Deep State Continues To Trigger WW3! White Hats Plan For The Final Takedown! Coming Zombie Apocalypse! - We The People NewsPresident Trump Proposes Building 10 New Cities Across America, We Should Hold a Contest to Charter - The Biggest Corruption of All Time in the EU - All Vaccines, Not... 









Top Alternative

Nibiru - Jesus.. 'Repent while I may still be Found', given February 8th, 2023Censor and BAN TikTok? Why the Deep State Wants to Eliminate Your Freedom of Choice!Palestinian/Israeli update 03/04/2023..Israeli forces attack protest against eviction of Palestinian families from homes in Sheikh JarrahFood stamp benefits cut for more than 30 million low-income AmericansThe Sequel to the Fall of the Cabal - Part 17 2021 - The Truth Behind VaccinesSatanists Celebrate! 30% of Young Women are Suicidal!California: Strange Creature Attacks Man in a Car. What is it?We Are In A Hidden War - Trump Decode 3/4/2023Strange Creature Caught on Tape in Brazil. What is it?Tucker Carlson for March 3rd, 2023 (Plus commentary) 



 






SignUp
Login






About | Advertise With Us | FAQ | Contact
| Privacy | Terms of Service
| Copyright Notification | RSS Subscribe | Widgets
Portions copyright © 2023 NSearch Technology, Inc., All Rights Reserved.Before It's News® is a registered Service Mark of NSearch Technology,
Inc..



Newsletter
Email this story
Email this story








If you really want to ban this commenter, please write down the reason:




If you really want to disable all recommended stories, click on OK button. After that, you will be redirect to your options page.







