




France: Father Defending Daughter From 'Youths' Beaten With Shovel, Hammer










 


 











































Infowars.com
Newswars.com
PrisonPlanet.com
Home




















France: Father Defending Daughter From 'Youths' Beaten With Shovel, Hammer


Dan Lyman

April 01, 2021









Share this article

 
A man suffered injuries while defending his daughter from a group of 'youths' armed with a shovel and hammer in France, according to reports.The incident unfolded on Monday evening in a residential neighborhood in the commune of Montataire.A young girl was attacked in the street by a group of young males from a neighboring town, some of whom were drunk, Actu 17 reports.When the girl's father intervened, the group set upon him with weapons, including a shovel and wooden hammer."It started with a scuffle between kids, the parents got involved and it got out of hand," said one local resident whose car was damaged during the melee. "Such violence, it's incredible."Police arrested four young men at the scene.The father is recovering from his injuries.Extreme violence among young people has reportedly been an issue in Montataire recently.A 17-year-old girl allegedly stabbed a boy involved in a fight with her younger brother on Friday."This altercation has no connection with the events of last week," a police spokesman said.
Alex Jones breaks down the definition of medicalization and how it is being used to implement medical tyranny around the world.
(PHOTO: P.poschadel / Wikimedia Commons)Dan Lyman on Gab

Mass censorship of conservatives, libertarians and nationalists is exploding.  Please subscribe to our newsletter so we can still deliver to you our latest, breaking news!





 

France, attack, gang








About Dan Lyman

			Dan Lyman serves as a foreign correspondent for Infowars.
		

Europe



 







Previous Post






France, COVID, lockdown, tyranny
France Forced Into Another National Lockdown





RT



April 01, 2021








Next Post






Spain, tourism, COVID, travel
Spanish Tourism Industry Rebels Against Outdoor Mask Decree as Drones Used to Spy on Beachgoers





Zero Hedge



April 02, 2021






 























Recent Posts



 



Infowars Europe


On-the-ground, investigative journalism reporting the most important news stories in Europe & the world! Here you’ll find censored media stories which are critical for staying up-to-date with world events and for understanding the incredible times we’re living in! Make Europewars.com a part of your daily news regimen!
		


  



 















 

                    © 2023 Infowars Europe. All right Reserved.
                    












×
Search
















Close



















