


















































Has an elite cannibal restaurant been discovered in Los Angeles? | Conspiracy Theories | Before It's News



















You're using an Ad-Blocker.
BeforeItsNews only exists through ads.We ask all patriots who appreciate the evil we expose and want to
help us savage the NWO with more Truth to disable your ad-blocker on our site only so we can grow and expose more evil!Funding
gives us more weapons! Thank you patriots! Oh and If you disable the Ad-blocker - on your deathbed you will receive total
consciousness. So you got that going for you...which is nice!



Disable
Dismiss




 
Before It's News











Featured |
Economy |
Health |
Beyond Science |
Power of Belief |
Sustainable Living|
Inspiration |
Live |
Video |
Top 50 |
Most Recent |
Shopping |
Categories









Read the Beforeitsnews.com story here.
Advertise at Before It's News here.








By Onenewstv

Contributor profile |
More stories







Story Views



Now:



Last hour:



Last 24 hours:



Total:












Has an elite cannibal restaurant been discovered in Los Angeles?


Sunday, February 9, 2020 20:11 






% of readers think this story is Fact. Add your two cents.

























 
According to slightly shocked Americans, an advertising site for one wonderful super-elite restaurant in Los Angeles, has appeared on the network, which, as it turned out, has been operating since 2015. The institution is called The Hollydale and the advertisement is dedicated to the action of the institution, which is called Cannibal Cravings. The restaurant introduces us to the following:
 
Established in 2015, The Hollydale is a purveyor of the finest human flesh, harvested fresh from only the most attractive, willing donors, skillfully and reverently prepared by world-class master chefs.
  






The restaurant and staff are privately owned by Karina Belenoff, daughter of Somerset Belenoff, Countess of Banbury and Arran. Karina sits on the Board of Governors at the World Governing Council in Luxembourg, and she travels frequently to Los Angeles to ensure The Hollydale is always in tip-top shape! An exceptionally talented concert-level pianist, she has been known to deliver a surprise performance from time to time, entertaining guests at the Hollydale’s Torso Room.
 
Due to California’s licensing restrictions on the transport of human organs, we cannot allow guests to take food out of the restaurant. All half-eaten food is repackaged and transported by licensed personnel to charitable institutions such as shelters, orphanages and institutions for the elderly.
 
Sample Restaurant MENU: 






 
Baked Oysters with mushrooms and cream – If you’re allergic to shellfish, remember, these don’t come from the ocean!
 
Tasty tongue, slow-cooked overnight with onion, garlic and bay leaves – Chopped and served over a green salad or coupled with fresh, homemade pasta
 
Hearts afire, braised in sherry and served with onions, peas and carrots
 
Salted brains Bogota and aged shrimp, topped with caramelized bell pepper jam with peppercorns and assorted fresh vegetables
 
Tokyo-style kidney pie, with locally-sourced baby carrots, potatoes, onions, and leeks
 
Irish hammered head cheese, made from whole-skull, beaten with a hammer, boiled in a pot with herbs and vegetables for 8 hours, then strained, pressed, and served piping fresh!
 
Blood pudding, traditional English-style, with onions, baby carrots, herbs, spices and barley
 
Fish and finger pie – a Yorkshire favorite! Real lady fingers, slow cooked to tender perfection so the meat literally falls right off the bone (distal, intermediate and proximal phalanges to be more precise!), along with Atlantic cod fried in a light beer batter
 
French thighs and pomme frites – leg of Frenchman in garlic and rosemary served with our bottomless steak fries, deep fried in freshly-rendered man tallow
 
Dulce de Leche salted caramel layer cake, made with vanilla bean brown butter glaze, served with heavy whipped cream and French vanilla ice-cream. All dairy ingredients from mother’s milk
 
Restaurant visitor reviews:
 
Thanks to Karina and Hallidale. The people were amazing, the atmosphere was wonderful and everyone had a great time.
 

It’s not very clear yet – is it such an idiotic advertising campaign of an establishment or is it really there? But even if it’s a joke, the joke is weird, similar to the procedure of diluting the brains of the public before accepting the dogma of “normality of cannibalism”. Some of the Los Angeles residents discussing the topic promised to take a ride and check what was there and how, and then report on their impressions to the people, so we follow the development of events.

















Before It’s News® is a community of individuals who report on what’s going on around them, from all around the world.
Anyone can join.
Anyone can contribute.
Anyone can become informed about their world.
"United We Stand" Click Here To Create Your Personal Citizen Journalist
Account Today, Be Sure To Invite Your Friends.


Please Help Support BeforeitsNews by trying our Natural Health Products below!Order by Phone at 888-809-8385 or online at https://mitocopper.com M - F 9am to 5pm ESTOrder by Phone at 866-388-7003 or online at https://www.herbanomic.com M - F 9am to 5pm ESTOrder by Phone at 866-388-7003 or online at https://www.herbanomics.com M - F 9am to 5pm ESTHumic & Fulvic Trace Minerals Complex - Nature's most important supplement! Vivid Dreams again!HNEX HydroNano EXtracellular Water - Improve immune system health and reduce inflammation.Ultimate Clinical Potency Curcumin - Natural pain relief, reduce inflammation and so much more.MitoCopper - Bioavailable Copper destroys pathogens and gives you more energy. (See Blood Video)Oxy Powder - Natural Colon Cleanser!  Cleans out toxic buildup with oxygen!Nascent Iodine - Promotes detoxification, mental focus and thyroid health.Smart Meter Cover -  Reduces Smart Meter radiation by 96%! (See Video). 


















Related Stories

 












Comments
 Click here to cancel reply.

Your Comments







































MOST RECENT











Load more ...









HELP KEEP NEWS FREE
DONATE HERE


OLD VERSION


FORUM








Online:



Visits:
1,467,990,242


Stories:
7,870,824





Wanted: Citizen Reporters,Whistler Blowers, Insiders
CLICK HERE TO UPLOAD NEWS!




God's Word - Revelation Chapter 7 Listen to God's Word on Youtube! Donate to Share God's Word!













Loading... 





"Not by might, nor by power, but by my spirit, saith the Lord of hosts." Zechariah 4:6


BEFORE IT'S NEWS ON TELEGRAM
GET THE TELEGRAM APP - https://telegram.org/
JOIN OUR CHANNEL - https://t.me/BeforeitsNews


Read it..
BEFORE IT'S NEWS
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER



Submit




Today's Top Stories

Situation Update - America On The Brink! Deep State Continues To Trigger WW3! White Hats Plan For The Final Takedown! Coming Zombie Apocalypse! - We The People NewsTrump Puts The DeepState On Notice - Media Scrambling - Its The End Of The World As They've Known It!Get Out Now! - Federal Emergency - 10 States - "Super Dangerous" - Patrick Humphrey NewsNew Patriot Underground & Ben Fulford Intel: CFR & Distraction Wars - Underground Truth Accelerating - Giza, Soledar & Bakhmut - Taiwan Invasion Prep - China Boosts Semi-Conductor ChipNew Benjamin Fulford on Fake Pandemics and System ResetSG Anon: How We Must Take Action (Video) Bombshell: FOIA Documents Reveal COVID Pandemic Was a DOD Operation Dating Back to Obama! - 'Pfizer' Caught Admitting "Babies Died During the 'mRNA' COVID-19 Vaccine Trials- Gates Foundation Insider Admits...Stage Set! Drop Clinton Crime Videos in Times Square! Unimaginable Treason! Pure Evil! Hell on Earth!America’s Buried History of White SlaveryAlert: Moscow Explosion, Russia Preps for Martial Law, "Worst Market Crash Ever", NK Nuclear Drill! - Canadian Prepper 










Loading... 


 


Featured

X22 Report - Trump Is Vengeance! War-Like Posture Activated! Thank You For Playing! - Must VideoBreaking: Russia Just Issued Space Warning! Get Ready! - Grand Supreme NewsHow China Controls The Australian Economy! - Epic Economist The Most Doomed Cities & Why Technical Progress Has Stalled - Peter Thiel on The Rubin Report (Video)Fake New Age False Gurus & Spiritual Charlatans. Evil Deceivers Exposed Part 1. The Greatest New Age Lies and Misconceptions Exposed And We Know Interview With Dr. Kirk Elliott - There’s Always Hope With Your Finances, Regardless Of The State Of The Earth! - Must VideoNow They Can Actually Use WiFi “To See People Through Walls”Boots on the Ground…March 5th…Fires and Crashes…On purpose or accidents?Forecasting 2023 Earthquake Windows in the Magnetic AnomalyBeware the Ides of March is Here! The Next Two Weeks May Change Everything! 










Loading... 


 


Top Global

Katie Hobbs Busted for Accepting Bribes, Ohio Rail Derailment Update, 144000, Anti-Christ and More (Video) Breaking: Russia Just Issued Space Warning! Get Ready! - Grand Supreme NewsHow China Controls The Australian Economy! - Epic Economist Beware the Ides of March is Here! The Next Two Weeks May Change Everything!President Trump Alert! Massive Crowds Now Support Big Change in 2024 Election Cycle! New Information Shows A Major Superpower Is Closer To Collapsing Than We Thought! - Must VideoDefeating the World Economic Forum’s ‘Great Reset’ Before It Destroys UsBan mRNA Shots!, Real Black History, New COVID Ad, Space Facts, Amazon Kills, the Fetzer Boogie (Video) Palestinian/Israeli update 03/05/2023..International furor continues over Smotrich's Hawara statementHumanity’s real enemy – the World Economic Forum. 









Top Alternative

Proof the Jabbed Are Trackable Everywhere: The Vaccinated Are Marked and Cannot Be UnmarkedTrump update 03/05/2023..Donald Trump wins CPAC straw poll with 62% of the voteGeoengineering Watch Global Alert News, March 4,Being Old Is a State of MindDefeating the World Economic Forum’s ‘Great Reset’ Before It Destroys UsThe Fundamental Transformation of AmericaFeds Refuse to Punish Illegal Aliens for Killing EagleAuthorities Decided to Drain This River But Didn't Expect to Find This at the Bottom Iconic Restaurant Chains That Don't Exist Anymore in America New York: Strange Creature Caught on CCTV Camera 



 






SignUp
Login






About | Advertise With Us | FAQ | Contact
| Privacy | Terms of Service
| Copyright Notification | RSS Subscribe | Widgets
Portions copyright © 2023 NSearch Technology, Inc., All Rights Reserved.Before It's News® is a registered Service Mark of NSearch Technology,
Inc..



Newsletter
Email this story
Email this story








If you really want to ban this commenter, please write down the reason:




If you really want to disable all recommended stories, click on OK button. After that, you will be redirect to your options page.







