













New CDC and WHO Study Proves “No Evidence” Face Masks Prevent Virus - Vaccine Impact





















































































 












































Home
Subscribe
Peace with God
About Us 

About Vaccine Impact
Contact Us
Opportunities


Resources




















 











Home
Subscribe
Peace with God
About Us 

About Vaccine Impact
Contact Us
Opportunities


Resources





























July 23, 2020



 Print This Post



New CDC and WHO Study Proves “No Evidence” Face Masks Prevent Virus









by Ben Swann
FB’s so called “fact checkers” have struck again, claiming that my report on the science that proves that wearing facemasks, especially in non-medical settings does almost nothing to prevent the spread of a virus, is false… citing that it was based on old information.
Now, I’m reporting on a new study created in conjunction with the World Health Organization and published by the CDC from less than 60 days ago that once again proves that there is no evidence that wearing face masks in public prevents the spread of flu-like viruses.
I’m also going to show you why the Facebook fact-checking system cannot be trusted.
Link to the CDC published study. This study was conducted in preparation for the development of guidelines by the World Health Organization on the use of nonpharmaceutical interventions for pandemic influenza in nonmedical settings.
This study was supported by the World Health Organization.
https://wwwnc.cdc.gov/eid/article/26/5/19-0994_article


See Also:
Booming Face Mask Business in U.S. Creating Instant Millionaires Using Government Funds to Buy Masks from China
Physician and Medical Journal Editor: Healthy People Should Not Wear Face Masks
Comment on this article at HealthImpactNews.com.
 
See Also:
Understand the Times We are Currently Living Through
Year 2023: Will America Fulfill Its Destiny? Jesus Christ is the Only “Transhuman” the World Has Ever Seen or Will Ever See

An Invitation to the Technologists to Join the Winning Side

Synagogue of Satan: Why It’s Time to Leave the Corporate Christian Church

Spiritual Wisdom vs. Natural Knowledge – Why There is so Much Deception Today

How to Determine if you are a Disciple of Jesus Christ or Not

Epigenetics Exposes Darwinian Biology as a Religion – Your DNA Does NOT Determine Your Health!

What Happens When a Holy and Righteous God Gets Angry? Lessons from History and the Prophet Jeremiah

Insider Exposes Freemasonry as the World’s Oldest Secret Religion and the Luciferian Plans for The New World Order

Identifying the Luciferian Globalists Implementing the New World Order – Who are the “Jews”?


Fact Check: “Christianity” and the Christian Religion is NOT Found in the Bible – The Person Jesus Christ Is

The Seal and Mark of God is Far More Important than the “Mark of the Beast” – Are You Prepared for What’s Coming?

The Satanic Roots to Modern Medicine – The Mark of the Beast?

Medicine: Idolatry in the Twenty First Century – 7-Year-Old Article More Relevant Today than the Day it was Written


Having problems receiving our newsletters? See:

How to Beat Internet Censorship and Create Your Own Newsfeed

We Are Now on Telegram. Video channels at Bitchute, and Odysee.
If our website is seized and shut down, find us on Telegram, as well as Bitchute and Odysee for further instructions about where to find us.
If you use the TOR Onion browser, here are the links and corresponding URLs to use in the TOR browser to find us on the Dark Web: Health Impact News, Vaccine Impact, Medical Kidnap, Created4Health, CoconutOil.com.



Order Here!
Leaving a lucrative career as a nephrologist (kidney doctor), Dr. Suzanne Humphries is now free to actually help cure people.
In this autobiography she explains why good doctors are constrained within the current corrupt medical system from practicing real, ethical medicine.
One of the sane voices when it comes to examining the science behind modern-day vaccines, no pro-vaccine extremist doctors have ever dared to debate her in public.




Book – The Vaccine Court, by Wayne Rohde – 240 pages
“The Dark Truth of America’s Vaccine Injury Compensation Program”
FREE Shipping Available!
ORDER HERE!













Published on July 23, 2020




Tags: face masks, facebook censorship| 


Share This Story, Choose Your Platform!
 









Comments are closed.



 











We respect your email privacy
Top Stories This Week
 






NavigationHome
About Us
Terms Of Use
Privacy Statement
Contact Us
 

Health Impact News NetworkHealth Impact News
Medical Kidnap
Vaccine Impact
Coconut Health
Created4Health.org
 












Copyright 2023 Health Impact News					












 



{"timed-popup-delay":5,"cookie-duration":-1,"popup-selector":"#popup-box-sxzw-1","popup-class":"popupally-opened-sxzw-1","cookie-name":"popupally-cookie-1","close-trigger":".popup-click-close-trigger-1"}









                                Done! Please check your email inbox or spam folder for our confirmation email.
                            



























 We respect your email privacy
Are you already a subscriber?






























 






