






George Soros: fake progressive, friend of nazis – OffGuardian














































 






































 











 


Search


 









Aug 20, 2015


 2 


George Soros: fake progressive, friend of nazis 

Editor 


Eric Zuesse, originally posted at strategic-culture.org

OffG POV: It’s curious the way the same media that become tearful with outrage over Vladimir Putin’s alleged and so far entirely unsubstantiated “corruption”, opt to turn a blind eye to the scummy – and wholly corrupt – shenanigans of their billionaire mentors and heroes. Apparently funding nazis to commit genocide is just as ok now as it was seventy-five years ago when Prescott Bush and his pals were doing it…
George Soros pretends to be a progressive, but he invests in and finances nazis. That’s not “Nazis” as in National Socialist Party of Germany, which was outlawed after WW II, and whose racist obsession was against Jews. Instead, it’s “nazis” as in any racist fascist ideology (any ideology of racist fascism, instead of a political Party), in any country, against any ethnic group. But George Soros happens to support only nazis (racist fascists) whose passionate hatred is specifically against Russians. His entire biography in public life has actually been that.
People used to think that he opposed merely communism, and that he was aiming to end communism in the Soviet Union, but, after it did end there in 1991, he continued, now much more clearly than before, hating Russians instead of “communists,” and now doing everything he could to encourage NATO to increasingly surround that increasingly alone country, by its former Warsaw Pact allies, which would become, instead, NATO members, military bases for U.S. and other hostile forces, against Russia.
Then, building up toward the long-planned February 2014 coup in Ukraine, on Russia’s doorstep, he and the U.S. Government, and the Netherlands Government, poured money into a new TV station, Hromadske TV, to propagandize for what became the overthrow of Ukraine’s neutralist President Viktor Yanukovych, to replace his government with a rabidly anti-Russian government. Here is an interview on Hromadske TV in which their interviewed guest pontificates about the need to kill at least 1.5 million of the residents in Donbass, which is the area of Ukraine that had voted 90+% for Yanukovych (the highest voting-ratio for Yanukovych in all of Ukraine) (and those election results in 2010 were the last before the coup):
http://vineyardsaker.blogspot.com/2014/08/its-perfectly-simple-you-need-to-kill.html
You can see “International Renaissance Fund” mentioned at the bottom of that. It’s also called the International Renaissance Foundation, and it’s an extension of George Soros, just as his Open Society Foundations are. It’s shown there as being the third-biggest donor to Hromadske TV. Here is what the guest was saying:
If we take, for example, just the Donetsk district, there are approximately 4 million inhabitants, at least 1.5 million of whom are superfluous. … Donbass must be exploited as a resource, which it is. … The most important thing that must be done — no matter how cruel it may sound — is that there is a certain category of people that must be exterminated.
He said this in a country where people considered it acceptable to propagandize for exterminating Russians as “colorado beetles” (bugs having dark brown stripes on yellow) which are common agricultural pests at farms in Ukraine. Russians are commonly called there “Colorados” meaning “pests” in Ukrainian jargon. 
Here’s a public service ad on Ukrainian television during the summer of 2014, while the government was bombing throughout Donbass; it calls for exterminating these beetles:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YfO7SmdwK2Y
This genocide-attempt was crude; Ukraine was only getting started on the attempt:
http://www.liveleak.com/view?i=703_1406188532
But there were also firebombings in Donbass’s biggest city, Donetsk:
http://rinf.com/alt-news/editorials/brookings-wants-villages-firebombed-ukraines-anti-terrorist-operation/
This is about the Western world’s media-blackout on this attempted genocide:
http://smirkingchimp.com/thread/eric-zuesse/59560/media-blackout-as-u-s-sponsors-genocide-in-southeastern-ukraine
And here are articles by George Soros himself, arguing, originally, for $20 billion from taxpayers in the U.S. and Europe, and then for $50 billion from them, in order to purchase weapons so as to finish this job, of creating ‘democracy’ in Ukraine:
http://www.nybooks.com/articles/archives/2014/nov/20/wake-up-europe/
http://www.nybooks.com/articles/archives/2015/feb/05/new-policy-rescue-ukraine
This money will never be paid back. He calls it an “investment,” in “democracy” (which is what he had actually helped to overthrow there), but Ukraine is bankrupt, and increasingly poverty-stricken, from not only the decades-long previous corruption, but the current demands by the IMF and other Western interests, to pour all of the money they lend, into the war-effort. So, what George Soros and other Western aristocrats have produced in Ukraine (which until then was a country at peace) is a coup and then ethnic cleansing, which are financed by Western taxpayers (not by the few billionaires who aim to benefit from this via the resulting privatization of State assets, which the billionaires can then pick up dirt-cheap, in order that Ukraine may then pay off that soaring war-debt). The Western Alliance is doing this, but Soros is an important part of it.
Also, the Koch brothers, at the supposed opposite end of the U.S. aristocracy, are helping out, but only in minor ways.
Basically, the U.S. aristocracy is united on it. They disagree about things such as global warming; but, on policies to conquer Russia and grab its natural resources via privatizations, they’re remarkably united. It’s just that Soros seems to have a special hatred for Russians, just as the Kochs have a special hatred for progressives. Whereas Soros’s main motivation appears to be racist against Russians, the Kochs’ main motivation in this matter appears to be genuinely ideological, against progressives — the Kochs are supporting the operation primarily on a philosophical level.
Regarding ideology, Soros apparently doesn’t actually have any. His alleged philosohpy is only a front. For example, on 11 August 2011, the New York Times bannered, “George Soros, the Girlfriend and the Apartment,” and reporter Susanne Craig described his messy legal conflict with a “former soap opera star in Brazil,” whom he broke up with after a several-years-long affair, in which he set her up in a fancy NYC apartment (she had selected it), and gave her to understand that “it is yours, I am only putting it in the name of a company for tax purposes as I want to avoid paying gift taxes.” But, then, he suddenly dumped her, and said, “I gave it to my girlfriend” (another mistress, she didn’t know of); he wanted her out of there, right after she had selected it and he had bought it for her. She was now in it, and planned on (and had every reason to expect) it to be hers, and so was now suing him for $50 million, citing especially her “emotional distress” from his deceit. 
But what’s significant about the case is that Soros, who pretended to be opposed to the long-ongoing (after 1960) tranference of the nation’s tax-burden from the upper class to the lower class, was now clearly, by his own actions, transferring yet more of his own tax-burden off onto the general public, which is the exact opposite of what he publicly favored. For example, on 11 December 2012, Forbes headlined, “Warren Buffett And George Soros Want Higher Estate Tax,” and reported:

“According to a growing number of prominent billionaires, millionaires, and public figures, President Obama’s estate tax proposal, based on 2009 law, is not strong enough. Warren Buffett, George Soros, President Jimmy Carter, Bill Gates, Sr., and many others have signed a list of notable wealthy individuals who are calling on Congress and the President to raise more of the revenue needed in the fiscal slope negotiations through a stronger estate tax—a tax … the signers would ultimately pay [and the lower 99% wouldn’t pay at all].
The impressive list of supporters was unveiled today at a national press conference featuring Robert Rubin, former Treasury Secretary and Co-Chairman of Goldman Sachs; John Bogle, founder and former CEO of The Vanguard Group; Abigail Disney, granddaughter of Roy Disney and a filmmaker and philanthropist; and Richard Rockefeller, MD, heir to Standard Oil founder John D. Rockefeller.”

Now, what’s especially interesting about this is that gift taxes are integrated into (they are a part of) estate taxes, so that any change in estate taxes is a similar change in gift taxes. Soros here was publicly on record as favoring higher, not lower, taxation of gifts. But, in his private affairs, at the very same time, he was telling his then girlfriend that the reason he was placing her apartment — which she had selected, and which he had bought because she had told him that this was her dream apartment — into one of his corporations’ names instead of her name, was “to avoid paying gift taxes.” That hypocrisy on his part proves his alleged ideology to be merely a front. To judge by his actions, he has no actual ideology at all — only hatred, and greed.


Investigative historian Eric Zuesse is the author, most recently, of They’re Not Even Close: The Democratic vs. Republican Economic Records, 1910-2010, and of CHRIST’S VENTRILOQUISTS: The Event that Created Christianity.

SUPPORT OFFGUARDIAN








For direct-transfer bank details click here.

FacebookTwitterRedditPinterestWhatsAppvKontakteEmail




Filed under: empire watch, latest, Ukraine, United States 


Tagged with: 
Eric Zuesse, George Soros, ukraine 

 





0
0
votes
Article Rating

 





 Subscribe 


Connect with 
 Login 




Notify of 


new follow-up comments
new replies to my comments








 







 


Label












{}
[+]
Emoji
Stickers
















Name*




Email*




Website




















Δ 



Connect with






 


Label












{}
[+]
Emoji
Stickers
















Name*




Email*




Website




















Δ 






2 Comments 





newest


oldest
most voted





 Inline Feedbacks
View all comments











Koch Brothers Secretly Allied w. George Soros for Hillary Clinton - The True News



Nov 7, 2016 8:56 AM













[…] government and the Netherlands government) for the television station in Ukraine that championed extermination of the people in Ukraine’s Donbass region, where the coup-imposed government, which…. And also on the Ukrainian matter, the Kochs have championed the view that when considering whether […]






00






Reply













Koch Brothers Secretly Allied w. George Soros for Hillary Clinton



Nov 7, 2016 3:08 AM













[…] government and the Netherlands government) for the television station in Ukraine that championed extermination of the people in Ukraine’s Donbass region, where the coup-imposed government, which…. And also on the Ukrainian matter, the Kochs have championed the view that when considering whether […]






00






Reply




 






 
wpDiscuz












Copyright © 2023 OffGuardian
Privacy Policy 
powered by WordPress


Theme: OffGuardian by Wild Reality.net














 





latest
featured
OffG Focus
Ukraine
coronavirus
Follow OffGuardian
support us
site info

Comment Policy
Privacy Policy
Submission guidelines
support us
About










 




wpDiscuzInsert 


You are going to send email to SendMove CommentMove


























































































































































































