


















































6000% Increase in Reported Vaccine Deaths 1st Quarter 2021 Compared to 1st Quarter 2020 | EU | Before It's News



















You're using an Ad-Blocker.
BeforeItsNews only exists through ads.We ask all patriots who appreciate the evil we expose and want to
help us savage the NWO with more Truth to disable your ad-blocker on our site only so we can grow and expose more evil!Funding
gives us more weapons! Thank you patriots! Oh and If you disable the Ad-blocker - on your deathbed you will receive total
consciousness. So you got that going for you...which is nice!



Disable
Dismiss




 
Before It's News











Featured |
Economy |
Health |
Beyond Science |
Power of Belief |
Sustainable Living|
Inspiration |
Live |
Video |
Top 50 |
Most Recent |
Shopping |
Categories









Read the Beforeitsnews.com story here.
Advertise at Before It's News here.








By The Tap Blog

Contributor profile |
More stories







Story Views



Now:



Last hour:



Last 24 hours:



Total:





 






6000% Increase in Reported Vaccine Deaths 1st Quarter 2021 Compared to 1st Quarter 2020


Thursday, April 1, 2021 6:09 






% of readers think this story is Fact. Add your two cents.

























by Brian ShilhavyEditor, Health Impact News
As can be expected when new experimental “vaccines” that are not approved by the FDA are given emergency use authorization to fight a “pandemic” that is now over a year old, reported deaths following the injections of these shots have now skyrocketed in the U.S. population by over 6000% here at the end of the first quarter of 2021, as compared to recorded deaths following FDA-approved vaccines at the end of the first quarter of 2020.
These new products, which many doctors and scientists claim do not even meet the legal definition of a “vaccine,” are described by the manufacturers themselves as “operating systems” called the “software of life,” and prior to COVID they have never been approved to be used on human populations.
There are literally thousands of doctors and scientists around the world who have spoken out against these experimental injections, some even calling them “biological weapons of mass destruction.”
Their voices are censored in the pharma-controlled corporate media and by Big Tech, so the people dying and becoming injured by these injections are the pro-vaccine people who primarily only get their information from these censored sources that are funded by Wall Street corporate billionaires, such as Bill Gates. 






The CDC Vaccine Adverse Event Reporting System (VAERS), a U.S. Government funded database that tracks injuries and deaths reported to be caused by vaccines, reported only 36 deaths during the first quarter of 2020 through March 31st, and almost 50% of those deaths were infants below the age of 3.

Source.

Since today, the day this report is being written and published, is the last day of March, 2021, we do not have complete stats from VAERS on injuries and deaths following vaccination yet. But here’s what we know based on what the CDC has published through yesterday, March 30, 2021.
The last data dump into VAERS was published last week on March 26, 2021, and it listed 2050 deaths following the experimental COVID injections. See the report here.
However, some of those deaths following the COVID injections occurred in December, 2020, when the Pfizer and Moderna shots were issued EUA’s by the FDA.
So we ran the report for this year, 2021, from which we know the data is only current through March 19, 2021, and it showed 1,754 deaths following ALL vaccines, not just the COVID injections. 







Source.

Notice that 80% of these recorded deaths are among seniors over the age of 65!
How is this NOT a national tragedy that should be headline news everywhere??
As noted above, there are 2050 deaths recorded following COVID injections as of March 19th, but those include some deaths in December, 2020.
Yesterday, the CDC reported that deaths following COVID injections are now 2,509. (Source.)
That is an increase of 459 deaths from what the CDC reported through VAERS through March 19th. So 1754 plus these 459 deaths gives us the total deaths so far through March 2021, which is 2,213, although after the next data dump in to VAERS this coming Friday, this number will increase even more when we add the non-COVID vaccine deaths also.
That is an increase of over 6000% from last year during the same time period.
The increase in deaths reported is most certainly related to the new experimental COVID injections, and yet the CDC and FDA’s position is that NOT ONE of these deaths are related to the COVID injections.
A review of available clinical information including death certificates, autopsy, and medical records revealed no evidence that vaccination contributed to patient deaths. (Emphasis theirs – Source.)

As we have reported numerous times now, the CDC and FDA are criminal organizations run by Big Pharma insiders controlled by the Wall Street Billionaires and bankers. Their main interest is in protecting Big Pharma and their products, and not the health of the public.
Those in the public who continue to trust them for accurate medical advice will suffer dearly, many with their own lives, as seen happening right now in the first quarter of 2021 with a 6000% + increase in deaths by injection.
So far, these tragic deaths are among the foolish who drank the COVID Kool Aid and did not bother to research these new medical products themselves first, blindly trusting in “health authorities” like Anthony Fauci and Bill Gates who are MASS MURDERERS.
But once all of these pro-vaccine people eager to get the COVID “software of life” have been injected with this new human operating system which will need constant updates (booster shots), the eugencists will turn their attention to the “vaccine hesitant,” and they have all their ducks lined up in a row now.
They control the corporate mass media, including Big Tech, and they also control the American judicial system. At the very top we are dealing with psychopaths, most of them pedophiles involved in the Occult, and their goals are to control the world’s financial system, reduce the world’s population, and destroy the family and take over control of raising children for their own evil purposes.
The time is short now, where not a single person on this planet will be exempt from making very difficult choices that will no longer be optional.
This was written to a different group of people in a different day and age, but its principles are eternal, and as true today as any other point in history, if not more so today:
See, I set before you today life and prosperity, death and destruction.
For I command you today to love the LORD your God, to walk in his ways, and to keep his commands, decrees and laws; then you will live and increase, and the LORD your God will bless you in the land you are entering to possess.
But if your heart turns away and you are not obedient, and if you are drawn away to bow down to other gods and worship them, I declare to you this day that you will certainly be destroyed. (Deuteronomy 30:15-18)

 

Source:  https://tapnewswire.com/2021/04/6000-increase-in-reported-vaccine-deaths-1st-quarter-2021-compared-to-1st-quarter-2020/ 














Before It’s News® is a community of individuals who report on what’s going on around them, from all around the world.
Anyone can join.
Anyone can contribute.
Anyone can become informed about their world.
"United We Stand" Click Here To Create Your Personal Citizen Journalist
Account Today, Be Sure To Invite Your Friends.


Please Help Support BeforeitsNews by trying our Natural Health Products below!Order by Phone at 888-809-8385 or online at https://mitocopper.com M - F 9am to 5pm ESTOrder by Phone at 866-388-7003 or online at https://www.herbanomic.com M - F 9am to 5pm ESTOrder by Phone at 866-388-7003 or online at https://www.herbanomics.com M - F 9am to 5pm ESTHumic & Fulvic Trace Minerals Complex - Nature's most important supplement! Vivid Dreams again!HNEX HydroNano EXtracellular Water - Improve immune system health and reduce inflammation.Ultimate Clinical Potency Curcumin - Natural pain relief, reduce inflammation and so much more.MitoCopper - Bioavailable Copper destroys pathogens and gives you more energy. (See Blood Video)Oxy Powder - Natural Colon Cleanser!  Cleans out toxic buildup with oxygen!Nascent Iodine - Promotes detoxification, mental focus and thyroid health.Smart Meter Cover -  Reduces Smart Meter radiation by 96%! (See Video). 


















Related Stories

 












Comments
 Click here to cancel reply.

Your Comments


































Total 1 comment







Meg65 

  We didn’t have vaccines in first quarter of 2020…




Apr 1, 2021, 9:23 am 








0
Reply 














MOST RECENT











Load more ...









HELP KEEP NEWS FREE
DONATE HERE


OLD VERSION


FORUM








Online:



Visits:
1,468,324,351


Stories:
7,871,520





Wanted: Citizen Reporters,Whistler Blowers, Insiders
CLICK HERE TO UPLOAD NEWS!




God's Word - Jeremiah 30 Listen to God's Word on Youtube! Donate to Share God's Word!













Loading... 





"Not by might, nor by power, but by my spirit, saith the Lord of hosts." Zechariah 4:6


BEFORE IT'S NEWS ON TELEGRAM
GET THE TELEGRAM APP - https://telegram.org/
JOIN OUR CHANNEL - https://t.me/BeforeitsNews


Read it..
BEFORE IT'S NEWS
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER



Submit




Today's Top Stories

Katie Hobbs Busted for Accepting Bribes, Ohio Rail Derailment Update, 144000, Anti-Christ and More (Video) X22 Report - Trump Is Vengeance! War-Like Posture Activated! Thank You For Playing! - Must VideoMichael Jaco: Explosive Interview and Intel Drop With Ricardo Bosi (Video) Charlie Ward: Big Situation Update - Everyone Needs To Know This!! (Video) Situation Update, Mar 6, 2023 - Bombshell: Leaked Govt. Messages Reveal COVID Was a Planned Psychological Terrorism Campaign From the Very Start! - Mike Adams VideoQ Drop - Benjamin Fulford Intel: CFR & Distraction Wars 2023New David Rodriguez: SPACEFORCE- "Truth From Conspiracy" - Captain Chuck Ruffin ExplainsBreaking! Biden Declares National State of Emergency as Putin Takes Key Ukraine City! - Redacted News LiveMan Dies; Shown Shocking Truth About Creation and Why Were Here (NDE)New SGTReport: 33 Masonic Symbolism via Sofia Smallstorm 










Loading... 


 


Featured

Breaking: Massive Fire At Hampton University In Virginia! Evacuation! - The Real GS NewsRunning From The Fight Is NOT What The Word Of God Teaches Us! (Video)SMOKING GUN OF FRAUD: Fauci Used Government Grant Money To Buy Off Scientists Over Covid OriginsNew Steve Quayle & Stephanie Quayle | On the Edge - An Outreach to Those That Time & Others Have Forgotten | Mar. 6, 2023Slavery in the Americas: Separating Fact from FictionNew Max Igan: Scarcity or Abundance - Rafael LaVerde Speaks with Max March, -June 2023 Dates Bo Polny Babylon???Russian Special Forces Battle Annunaki Warriors in the Underground Tunnels of Syria! March 2023Charlie Ward BOMBSHELL 3/6/23: The World At War! - Must VideoBreaking: Major World Info - Russian Massacre In Bakhmut, Ukraine! - The Real GS News 










Loading... 


 


Top Global

Palestinian/Israeli update 03/06/2023..President Herzog warns Israel at risk of 'destroying itself from within'New Max Igan: Scarcity or Abundance - Rafael LaVerde Speaks with Max New Steve Quayle & Stephanie Quayle | On the Edge - An Outreach to Those That Time & Others Have Forgotten | Mar. 6, 2023Taiwan Warns China Could Carry Out A “Sudden Entry” Into CountryCharlie Ward BOMBSHELL 3/6/23: The World At War! - Must VideoBreaking: Major World Info - Russian Massacre In Bakhmut, Ukraine! - The Real GS NewsSMOKING GUN: Matt Hancock Covid Leaks! - UK Government PLOT To FAKE Variants To SCARE PUBLIC! - WAMRussian Special Forces Battle Annunaki Warriors in the Underground Tunnels of Syria! March 2023Breaking! Biden Declares National State of Emergency as Putin Takes Key Ukraine City! - Redacted News LiveNew Jason Q and Charlie Ward Shocking News 3-6-23 









Top Alternative

Brenden O'Connell: 180. Mike Gill, Donald Trump Saves The Day...Biden, Ukraine, The New Hampshire Cartel Mar 5, 2023Taiwan Warns China Could Carry Out A “Sudden Entry” Into CountryAbortion activists smash windows at Minnesota pregnancy clinic that provides free diapersWomen are Being Eliminated to Depopulate the PlanetMike Lindell Destroying Democracy - Tide Has Turned - NO VAX NO MASKAmerica - Are You Ready For Mass Blackouts?.. As Biden's Attack On America Continues Trump Nails It At CPAC - Declass Incoming - March MadnessMost Famous Sinkholes Around the World“Project Fear”: When to Release A New COVID “Variant”Biden’s “Great Economic Recovery” Narrative Is Built On Deception - Brandon Smith Must Read 



 






SignUp
Login






About | Advertise With Us | FAQ | Contact
| Privacy | Terms of Service
| Copyright Notification | RSS Subscribe | Widgets
Portions copyright © 2023 NSearch Technology, Inc., All Rights Reserved.Before It's News® is a registered Service Mark of NSearch Technology,
Inc..



Newsletter
Email this story
Email this story








If you really want to ban this commenter, please write down the reason:




If you really want to disable all recommended stories, click on OK button. After that, you will be redirect to your options page.







