








China's 'Satellite Crusher': 'Space Pearl Harbor' Is Coming - Geller Report



















































 













			Wednesday, March 08, 2023		




Subscribe
|
News Tips




Search for:



 









































About
Donate
Articles
Categories
Quotables
Press
Books
Rebuttals
Video
 

		Donate Today
	














Search for:



 
















News Ticker:



[ March 8, 2023 ]
WOW! Trumps Bold New Proposals for 2024: 10 New Freedom Cities, Baby Bonuses, Flying Cars




[ March 8, 2023 ]
ICYMI: Listen to Pamela Geller in The Joe Hoft Show, “General Happiness Cannot Be Created...




[ March 8, 2023 ]
BREAKING: Hungary Preparing To Prosecute Nazi Collaborator George Soros For NAZI War Crimes And Murders




[ March 8, 2023 ]
BOMBSHELL Former CDC Director Testimony: US Taxpayer Money From NIH, State Department, USAID, DOD Funded...




[ March 8, 2023 ]
Newly Released Surveillance Footage: Capitol Police Ignored Abandoned, No Communication, DELIBERATELY Left Unprepared




[ March 8, 2023 ]
Chinese Foreign Minister Says Conflict with US Inevitable




[ March 7, 2023 ]
SQUIRMING McConnell Says It Was a “Mistake” for Tucker Carlson to Release Previously Unseen J6...




[ March 7, 2023 ]
Growing Number of Jan. 6 Defendants Ask Judges to Delay Trials in Light of Newly...




[ March 7, 2023 ]
The Greatest Ripoff in American History: Democrats Spent $100 Billion of Your Money on Climate...




[ March 7, 2023 ]
New, Never Seen J6 Footage Shows January 6th Committee LIED and Ray Epps LIED To...










China’s ‘Satellite Crusher’: ‘Space Pearl Harbor’ Is ComingBy Pamela Geller - on November 1, 2021


 






 Share Tweet Truth       Gettr Parler Telegram LinkedIn       
America is now behind China in the ability to take down satellites. “It is a real-world offensive capability that can hunt and destroy American systems and render the U.S. military on earth deaf, dumb, and blind.” America in freefall. It’s like a state of suspended animation — waiting for the inevitable black swan event, under the Democrat regime.

China’s ‘Satellite Crusher’: ‘Space Pearl Harbor’ Is Coming
By: Gordon G. Chang, Gatestone Institute, November 1, 2021 at 5:00 am


The satellite, according to China Aerospace Science and Technology Corp., is “tasked with demonstrating technologies to alleviate and neutralize space debris.”
As Beijing sees it, American satellites constitute “debris.”
“[Communist China’s satellite] is a real-world offensive capability that can hunt and destroy American systems and render the U.S. military on earth deaf, dumb, and blind.” — Brandon Weichert, author of Winning Space: How America Remains a Superpower, to Gatestone.
At one time, America was dominant in space, and American political leaders decided to go slow on developing anti-satellite weapons for fear of triggering a competition.
All that American restraint did was to allow the Chinese and Russian militaries to grab commanding leads in the race to deploy these impossible-to-defend-against delivery systems for nuclear weapons.
Unfortunately, “the Department of Defense is still unbelievably bureaucratic and slow.”
The Pentagon’s bureaucracy “is just brutal.” — Outgoing Vice Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, General John Hyten, CNN, October 28, 2021.
Fortunately, there is also Elon Musk, a bureaucracy of one.



On October 24, China launched its Shijian-21 into orbit. The satellite, according to China Aerospace Science and Technology Corp., is “tasked with demonstrating technologies to alleviate and neutralize space debris.”


As Beijing sees it, American satellites constitute “debris.”
Shijian-21 has a robotic arm that can be used to move space junk—there are more than 100 million pieces of it floating around the earth—or capture, disable, destroy, or otherwise render unusable other nations’ satellites. That arm makes Shijian-21 a “satellite crusher.”
Brandon Weichert, author of Winning Space: How America Remains a Superpower, tells Gatestone that the Chinese satellite was launched into geosynchronous orbit, where many of America’s most sensitive satellite systems—those critical to Nuclear Command, Communications, and Control (NC3), surveillance, and military communications—are located.
“Because the U.S. satellites in geosynchronous orbit are so far away from earth, they are both expensive and hard-to-replace,” he notes. “Losing any of these systems, with no replacements on hand, would give China’s military an unprecedented advantage in the event of an outbreak of hostilities.”
China has designed its new space station, Richard Fisher of the International Assessment and Strategy Center tells me, “to incorporate additional large military modules that can be equipped with lasers, microwave, or missile-based anti-satellite systems.”
In September 2008, China’s Shenzhou-7 manned mission came within 45 kilometers of the International Space Station as the Chinese crew was launching a microsatellite, “an obvious simulated ISS-intercept mission,” says Fisher. One of the veterans of that mission, Fisher tells Gatestone, is now the commander on board the Chinese space station.
 
“They’re going counterspace in a big way,” said Vice Chairman of the Joint Chiefs General John Hyten on October 28 at an event sponsored by the Defense Writers Group. Hyten, previously commander of the U.S. Air Force Space Command and U.S. Strategic Command, said Chinese military officers “are doing all those things because they saw how the United States has used space for dominant advantage.”
“For many years, Washington has taken its space superiority for granted,” Weichert observes. Complacency is not the only American disease, however. American blindness also had a role. At one time, America was dominant in space, and American political leaders decided to go slow on developing anti-satellite weapons for fear of triggering a competition. With the U.S. having the most assets in orbit, the reasoning went, the U.S. would have the most to lose with a race.
That view was the product of a fundamental misunderstanding of Chinese and Russian attitudes. The misunderstanding also directly led to America falling behind in another crucial space technology. The U.S. was the early leader in hypersonic flight with the X-15 reaching Mach 6.7—6.7 times the speed of sound—in 1967. Now, however, America is about a half-decade behind China. The U.S. is also trailing Russia.
“We had held back from pursuing military applications for this technology,” Ambassador Robert Wood, U.S. representative to the Conference on Disarmament in Geneva, told Yahoo! Wood, as described by that site, “implied that U.S. officials had tried to avoid spurring a scramble for hypersonic missiles.”
All that American restraint did was to allow the Chinese and Russian militaries to grab commanding leads in the race to deploy these impossible-to-defend-against delivery systems for nuclear weapons. In late July, Beijing shocked the Pentagon with an orbital test of a hypersonic glide vehicle.
Similarly, America is now behind China in the ability to take down satellites. “The Shijian-21 satellite is a game-changer,” says Weichert, who also produces The Weichert Report. “It is a real-world offensive capability that can hunt and destroy American systems and render the U.S. military on earth deaf, dumb, and blind.”
Space, of course, is the ultimate strategic high ground, conferring control of the earth. Therefore, American leaders should have known that China would try, as Weichert explains, to build the capabilities “to first knock the Americans out of orbit and then to place their own systems there.”
The U.S. has the ability to catch up, of course, but big course corrections are necessary. For one thing, American satellites are easy pickings for the Chinese military. As General Hyten put it, “we actually put the president in a tough spot because we have a handful of fat juicy targets, while the adversary has built hundreds of targets that are difficult to get after.”
The result, the general said, is that America does not have “a resilient space architecture.”
A resilient architecture, Hyten correctly believes, would be composed of lower-cost surveillance satellites that, in the words of SpaceNews, “can be mass produced and deployed fast.”
Unfortunately, “the Department of Defense is still unbelievably bureaucratic and slow,” Hyten observed. The Pentagon’s bureaucracy “is just brutal.” So don’t count on the U.S. military, which has taken a decade to design a yet-to-be-launched survivable space network.
Fortunately, there is also Elon Musk, a bureaucracy of one. His SpaceX is building the Starlink constellation of telecommunications satellites in low-earth orbit. When complete, there will be some 42,000 satellites that can be used by the satellite-dependent U.S. military when China has crushed, lasered, shot down, or bumped out of orbit America’s military assets in space.
Of course, China will also try to take down the Starlink constellation too.
Beijing, Weichert tells Gatestone, is planning a “Space Pearl Harbor.”



 Share Tweet Truth       Gettr Parler Telegram LinkedIn        
The Truth Must be Told
Your contribution supports independent journalism
Please take a moment to consider this. Now, more than ever, people are reading Geller Report for news they won't get anywhere else. But advertising revenues have all but disappeared. Google Adsense is the online advertising monopoly and they have banned us. Social media giants like Facebook and Twitter have blocked and shadow-banned our accounts. But we won't put up a paywall. Because never has the free world needed independent journalism more.
Everyone who reads our reporting knows the Geller Report covers the news the media won't. We cannot do our ground-breaking report without your support. We must continue to report on the global jihad and the left's war on freedom. Our readers’ contributions make that possible.
Geller Report's independent, investigative journalism takes a lot of time, money and hard work to produce. But we do it because we believe our work is critical in the fight for freedom and because it is your fight, too.


Please contribute here.



or



					Make a monthly commitment to support The Geller Report – choose the option that suits you best.
				

$25.00 here
$50.00 here
$75.00 here
$100.00 here
$250.00 here





 


Quick note: We cannot do this without your support. Fact. Our work is made possible by you
		and only you. We receive no grants, government handouts, or major funding.

Tech giants are shutting us down. You know this. Twitter, LinkedIn, Google Adsense, Pinterest permanently
		banned us. Facebook, Google search et al have shadow-banned, suspended and deleted us from your news feeds.
		They are disappearing us. But we are here.
	

Subscribe to Geller Report newsletter here— it’s free and it’s essential NOW when informed decision making and opinion is essential to America's survival.
		Share our posts on your social channels and with your email contacts. Fight the great fight.
	
Follow Pamela Geller on Gettr. I am there. click here. 

		Follow Pamela Geller on Trump's social media platform, Truth Social. 

		It's open and free.

	
Remember, YOU make the work possible. If you can, please contribute to Geller Report.
	

Join The Conversation. Leave a Comment.
We have no tolerance for comments containing violence, racism, profanity, vulgarity, doxing, or discourteous behavior. If a comment is spammy or unhelpful, click the - symbol under the comment to let us know. Thank you for partnering with us to maintain fruitful conversation.
Please note: We no longer use Disqus; your Disqus login/password will no longer work on this site.
If you would like to join the conversation, but don't have an account, you can sign up for one right here.
If you do have an account, but are having problems logging in or leaving a comment, it may be because of a browser extension or add-on, perhaps uBlock Origin or an ad blocker or something else. We want you to join the conversation, so perhaps disable browser extensions or your ad blocker until that "post comment" button appears. We look forward to seeing your comments below!





Post navigation
PreviousNext

 



Help Us Fight







Donate via Stripe, an alternative to Paypal

Search for:




recent Comments

PatD on BREAKING: Hungary Preparing To Prosecute Nazi Collaborator George Soros For NAZI War Crimes And MurdersStaff Sgt Chaos on BREAKING: Hungary Preparing To Prosecute Nazi Collaborator George Soros For NAZI War Crimes And MurdersStaff Sgt Chaos on BREAKING: Hungary Preparing To Prosecute Nazi Collaborator George Soros For NAZI War Crimes And MurdersStaff Sgt Chaos on BREAKING: Hungary Preparing To Prosecute Nazi Collaborator George Soros For NAZI War Crimes And MurdersJanD on The Greatest Ripoff in American History: Democrats Spent $100 Billion of Your Money on Climate Hoax 


Fund The Fight
We all need heroes.  Donate Monthly
Choose your subscription level






Subscriber : $18.00 USD - monthly
Contributor : $36.00 USD - monthly
Patron : $50.00 USD - monthly
Silver member : $100.00 USD - monthly
Gold member : $250.00 USD - monthly
Platinum member : $500.00 USD - monthly








books & Movies
By Pamela Geller





It is the conflict of our age, yet no one dares talk about it. The true story of the Islamic Supremacist war on free speech as told by those on the front lines fighting for our First Amendment rights,
					.
				
Buy Now





Pamela Geller tells her own story of how she became one of the world's foremost activists for the freedom of speech,
					individual rights, and equality of rights for all. "It's my story, it's what happens when someone fights for freedom in America today,"
					Geller explained.
				
Buy Now





Today Islamic supremacists are demanding more accommodation of Islamic principles
					and practices than ever, and daily growing more aggressive in eroding our freedoms – with politically
					correct public officials only too happy..
				
Buy Now





Popular conservative blogger Pamela Geller and New York Times bestselling author
					Robert Spencer sound a wake-up call for Americans to stop the Obama administration from limiting our
					hard-won...
				
Buy Now





The Ground Zero Mosque: The Second Wave of the 9/11 Attacks is a groundbreaking documentary on the controversy
                    over the planned Islamic supremacist mega-mosque at Ground Zero.
                
Buy Now



must See Video




VIDEO: Pamela Geller Discussing Massive Corruption in the FBI on OAN 

 








Explore

About
Articles
Books
Notable Quotables
Archive
Press
Contact
Disclaimer
Privacy Policy
 





Connect





































Subscribe To Our Newsletter

 




Copyright © 2023 Geller Report 

Geller Report

















Thanks for sharing!Thanks for sharing!
We invite you to become a Geller Report insider. Sign up for our free email newsletter, get the news the media won't cover.







