


















































Victory is Coming! | Prophecy | Before It's News



















You're using an Ad-Blocker.
BeforeItsNews only exists through ads.We ask all patriots who appreciate the evil we expose and want to
help us savage the NWO with more Truth to disable your ad-blocker on our site only so we can grow and expose more evil!Funding
gives us more weapons! Thank you patriots! Oh and If you disable the Ad-blocker - on your deathbed you will receive total
consciousness. So you got that going for you...which is nice!



Disable
Dismiss




 
Before It's News











Featured |
Economy |
Health |
Beyond Science |
Power of Belief |
Sustainable Living|
Inspiration |
Live |
Video |
Top 50 |
Most Recent |
Shopping |
Categories









Read the Beforeitsnews.com story here.
Advertise at Before It's News here.








By garclar888

Contributor profile |
More stories







Story Views



Now:



Last hour:



Last 24 hours:



Total:












Victory is Coming!


Thursday, April 1, 2021 11:11 






% of readers think this story is Fact. Add your two cents.
























Victory is Coming!
By Pastor Gary Boyd
 
Victory is coming, songs of celebration across the nation will be sung for our Lord who accomplishes what he pleases to do. The evil ones cup of iniquity has reached its tipping point, now justice must be served. A government cannot be built on a house of cards, the foundation today is based on lies, deception, and deceit with heavy confusion its mantra. Leadership is eating their own and will affect its sight and perception. The road to perdition is paved with evil intentions. 
World leaders in Iran threaten to harm the chosen with their evil plans, they dare to move forward to destroy and conquer what is not theirs to take. What they plan to do to Israel will be done to them.  






Jeremiah 49: 34-38, A Message About Elam (Iran)
34 This is the word of the Lord that came to Jeremiah the prophet concerning Elam, early in the reign of Zedekiah king of Judah: 35 This is what the Lord Almighty says: “See, I will break the bow of Elam, the mainstay of their might. 36 I will bring against Elam the four winds from the four quarters of heaven; I will scatter them to the four winds, and there will not be a nation where Elam’s exiles do not go. 37 I will shatter Elam before their foes, before those who want to kill them, I will bring disaster on them, even my fierce anger,” declares the Lord. “I will pursue them with the sword until I have made an end of them. 38 I will set my throne in Elam and destroy her king and officials,” declares the Lord.
The global reset is a runaway train destined for destruction as the Quantum Financial System will take its place. Justice and fairness will return to the world. The money that was stolen from the people shall be returned. 
There is an overflowing dam of information that is about to break that will swallow up the evil plans of genocide, the murdering of our babes, and all satanic influence will be as nothing for the gospel of the living God will take hold in the hearts of millions when the awakening intensifies. 
This nation shall be lifted up to influence the world for the good of mankind. The evil that has tried to start again the genocide of mankind, this so called fourth Reich, will come to a resounding fall to earth when its leaders and followers will all be exposed as the dam is about to burst.  






Our Lord again is moving on the earth to protect his chosen, shutting down the open portals to entities’ whose sole purpose is to deceive and destroy. The magic they pretend to be working will come to nothing while the Lord changes the direction of his chosen to make a way in the new era of the church. New blessings, new manifestations of God will be working in the newly restored church while the light grows and the darkness recedes. In our ancient land the creator is about to create a new era that will stand all through the new millennium and into eternity. The time to spread the gospel of his coming is now. Maranatha…….. 
 
 
 

















Before It’s News® is a community of individuals who report on what’s going on around them, from all around the world.
Anyone can join.
Anyone can contribute.
Anyone can become informed about their world.
"United We Stand" Click Here To Create Your Personal Citizen Journalist
Account Today, Be Sure To Invite Your Friends.


Please Help Support BeforeitsNews by trying our Natural Health Products below!Order by Phone at 888-809-8385 or online at https://mitocopper.com M - F 9am to 5pm ESTOrder by Phone at 866-388-7003 or online at https://www.herbanomic.com M - F 9am to 5pm ESTOrder by Phone at 866-388-7003 or online at https://www.herbanomics.com M - F 9am to 5pm ESTHumic & Fulvic Trace Minerals Complex - Nature's most important supplement! Vivid Dreams again!HNEX HydroNano EXtracellular Water - Improve immune system health and reduce inflammation.Ultimate Clinical Potency Curcumin - Natural pain relief, reduce inflammation and so much more.MitoCopper - Bioavailable Copper destroys pathogens and gives you more energy. (See Blood Video)Oxy Powder - Natural Colon Cleanser!  Cleans out toxic buildup with oxygen!Nascent Iodine - Promotes detoxification, mental focus and thyroid health.Smart Meter Cover -  Reduces Smart Meter radiation by 96%! (See Video). 


















Related Stories

 












Comments
 Click here to cancel reply.

Your Comments







































MOST RECENT











Load more ...









HELP KEEP NEWS FREE
DONATE HERE


OLD VERSION


FORUM








Online:



Visits:
1,467,990,242


Stories:
7,870,824





Wanted: Citizen Reporters,Whistler Blowers, Insiders
CLICK HERE TO UPLOAD NEWS!




God's Word - Psalm 141 Listen to God's Word on Youtube! Donate to Share God's Word!













Loading... 





"Not by might, nor by power, but by my spirit, saith the Lord of hosts." Zechariah 4:6


BEFORE IT'S NEWS ON TELEGRAM
GET THE TELEGRAM APP - https://telegram.org/
JOIN OUR CHANNEL - https://t.me/BeforeitsNews


Read it..
BEFORE IT'S NEWS
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER



Submit




Today's Top Stories

Situation Update - America On The Brink! Deep State Continues To Trigger WW3! White Hats Plan For The Final Takedown! Coming Zombie Apocalypse! - We The People NewsNew Roseanne Barr and Alex Jones Interview! March 2023 Saturday SpecialTrump Puts The DeepState On Notice - Media Scrambling - Its The End Of The World As They've Known It!Get Out Now! - Federal Emergency - 10 States - "Super Dangerous" - Patrick Humphrey NewsNew Patriot Underground & Ben Fulford Intel: CFR & Distraction Wars - Underground Truth Accelerating - Giza, Soledar & Bakhmut - Taiwan Invasion Prep - China Boosts Semi-Conductor ChipPresidential Alert! Biden Administration Now Orders Total Lockdown! Constitution In Abeyyance! SG Anon: How We Must Take Action (Video) New Benjamin Fulford on Fake Pandemics and System ResetStage Set! Drop Clinton Crime Videos in Times Square! Unimaginable Treason! Pure Evil! Hell on Earth!Bombshell: FOIA Documents Reveal COVID Pandemic Was a DOD Operation Dating Back to Obama! - 'Pfizer' Caught Admitting "Babies Died During the 'mRNA' COVID-19 Vaccine Trials- Gates Foundation Insider Admits... 










Loading... 


 


Featured

X22 Report - Trump Is Vengeance! War-Like Posture Activated! Thank You For Playing! - Must VideoBreaking: Russia Just Issued Space Warning! Get Ready! - Grand Supreme NewsHow China Controls The Australian Economy! - Epic Economist The Most Doomed Cities & Why Technical Progress Has Stalled - Peter Thiel on The Rubin Report (Video)Fake New Age False Gurus & Spiritual Charlatans. Evil Deceivers Exposed Part 1. The Greatest New Age Lies and Misconceptions Exposed And We Know Interview With Dr. Kirk Elliott - There’s Always Hope With Your Finances, Regardless Of The State Of The Earth! - Must VideoNow They Can Actually Use WiFi “To See People Through Walls”Boots on the Ground…March 5th…Fires and Crashes…On purpose or accidents?Forecasting 2023 Earthquake Windows in the Magnetic AnomalyBeware the Ides of March is Here! The Next Two Weeks May Change Everything! 










Loading... 


 


Top Global

Katie Hobbs Busted for Accepting Bribes, Ohio Rail Derailment Update, 144000, Anti-Christ and More (Video) Breaking: Russia Just Issued Space Warning! Get Ready! - Grand Supreme NewsHow China Controls The Australian Economy! - Epic Economist Beware the Ides of March is Here! The Next Two Weeks May Change Everything!President Trump Alert! Massive Crowds Now Support Big Change in 2024 Election Cycle! New Information Shows A Major Superpower Is Closer To Collapsing Than We Thought! - Must VideoDefeating the World Economic Forum’s ‘Great Reset’ Before It Destroys UsBan mRNA Shots!, Real Black History, New COVID Ad, Space Facts, Amazon Kills, the Fetzer Boogie (Video) Palestinian/Israeli update 03/05/2023..International furor continues over Smotrich's Hawara statementHumanity’s real enemy – the World Economic Forum. 









Top Alternative

Proof the Jabbed Are Trackable Everywhere: The Vaccinated Are Marked and Cannot Be UnmarkedTrump update 03/05/2023..Donald Trump wins CPAC straw poll with 62% of the voteGeoengineering Watch Global Alert News, March 4,Being Old Is a State of MindDefeating the World Economic Forum’s ‘Great Reset’ Before It Destroys UsThe Fundamental Transformation of AmericaFeds Refuse to Punish Illegal Aliens for Killing EagleAuthorities Decided to Drain This River But Didn't Expect to Find This at the Bottom Iconic Restaurant Chains That Don't Exist Anymore in America New York: Strange Creature Caught on CCTV Camera 



 






SignUp
Login






About | Advertise With Us | FAQ | Contact
| Privacy | Terms of Service
| Copyright Notification | RSS Subscribe | Widgets
Portions copyright © 2023 NSearch Technology, Inc., All Rights Reserved.Before It's News® is a registered Service Mark of NSearch Technology,
Inc..



Newsletter
Email this story
Email this story








If you really want to ban this commenter, please write down the reason:




If you really want to disable all recommended stories, click on OK button. After that, you will be redirect to your options page.







