

  



















Florida: Judge Disbarred For Soliciting Prostitution & Resisting Arrest - May Open Up Opportunity For Reversal Of Rape Victim Being Sued For More Than She Settled - The Washington Standard






















































 


































Privacy Policy
Contact
About Us
National Headlines Today
Store

Keep & Bear Arms
All Natural Products
Essential Oils
Home Educate Your Kids For Free
Amazon
Bulletproof Vests



 









































US
Politics
Commentary
Constitution & Law
World
Economy
Gun News
National Headlines Today
Store

Keep & Bear Arms
All Natural Products
Essential Oils
Home Educate Your Kids For Free
Amazon
Bulletproof Vests



About Us









 


US
Politics
Commentary
Constitution & Law
World
Economy
Gun News
National Headlines Today
Store

Keep & Bear Arms
All Natural Products
Essential Oils
Home Educate Your Kids For Free
Amazon
Bulletproof Vests


About Us









Home»US»Florida:  Judge Disbarred For Soliciting Prostitution & Resisting Arrest – May Open Up Opportunity For Reversal Of Rape Victim Being Sued For More Than She Settled
US
Florida:  Judge Disbarred For Soliciting Prostitution & Resisting Arrest – May Open Up Opportunity For Reversal Of Rape Victim Being Sued For More Than She Settled
Tim Brown
2019-12-09




Tim Brown

/
 December 9, 2019






24
Shares



Facebook



Twitter



Pinterest



WhatsApp






Since March of 2019, I have been reporting on the injustices that a Florida woman has faced at the hands of the Lee County Florida court system, her own attorneys and attorneys who have sought to sue, arrest and take everything she has and then some.  During that reporting, I recounted the judge that was presiding over her case, who oversaw the disbursement of stolen funds and a final judgment against her, was busted in a prostitution sting just weeks after the money was disbursed via the court.  Now, that judge has been disbarred.
The Florida Bar issued a report on November 26, 2019, citing that the Florida Supreme Court disciplined a total of 22 attorneys, of which Jay B. Rosman was one of them.
The Bar wrote:

How To Protect Yourself From 5G, EMF & RF Radiation
Grab This Bucket Of Heirloom Seeds & Get Free Shipping With Promo Code TIM
Build Your Own Food Forest & Save 5% With Promo Code TIMBROWN
Here’s A Way You Can Stockpile Food For The Future
Stockpile Your Ammo & Save $15 On Your First Order
Preparing Also Means Detoxifying – Here’s One Simple Way To Detoxify
Save Up To 66% Off MyPillow with Promo Code TIMBROWN
Grab guns, accessories, gear and optics at the lowest prices

The Florida Bar, the state’s guardian for the integrity of the legal profession, announces that the Florida Supreme Court in recent court orders disciplined 22 attorneys, disbarring six, revoking the licenses of nine and suspending seven. Two attorneys were also ordered to pay restitution and one was given probation. Disciplinary revocation is tantamount to disbarment.
As an official arm of the Florida Supreme Court, The Florida Bar and its Department of Lawyer Regulation are charged with administering a statewide disciplinary system to enforce Supreme Court rules of professional conduct for the more than 107,000 members of The Florida Bar. Key discipline case files that are public record are posted to attorneys’ individual online Florida Bar profiles. To view discipline documents, follow these steps. Information on the discipline system and how to file a complaint are available at www.floridabar.org/attorneydiscipline.


Court orders are not final until time expires to file a rehearing motion and, if filed, determined. The filing of such a motion does not alter the effective date of the discipline. Disbarred lawyers may not re-apply for admission for five years. They are required to go through an extensive process that includes a rigorous background check and retaking the Bar exam.
According to the Bar, “Jay B. Rosman, of Southport, Maine, received “disciplinary revocation without leave to seek readmission, effective immediately following an Oct. 31 court order. (Admitted to practice: 1979) Rosman, a member of the judiciary in Lee County at the time, was arrested on Feb. 9, 2018, for soliciting prostitution and resisting an officer without violence. After entering into a deferred prosecution agreement, he completed all requirements, which resulted in an administrative dismissal. Rosman paid a $1,000 fine; took a restorative justice course; attended an AIDS workshop and counseling; and resigned from the bench. (Case No. SC19-1301)”
Going back to the time just before Rosman was arrested and he distributed Ms. Williams’ money to an attorney who never provided one service to her, along with rendering a final judgment against her that, along with attorney fees she previously paid (plus interest on the final judgment) add up to over the amount she settled for in her underlying rape case, we discover that Rosman not only did that, but allowed for Scott Mager, an attorney who never provided a single service to Ms. Williams, to sue her.
The current judge, James Shenko, in the matter has been given nearly a hundred pages of documentation to show the injustices that have taken place in the court by the judge and attorneys in the courtroom.  He has not only ignored that documentation, but was persuaded to issued a writ of bodily attachment (arrest warrant) against Ms. Williams.
Both judges have overseen what appears to be clear violations of the Florida Bar’s rules concerning settlements and attorney fees, which state the following:

33 1/3 percent of any recovery up to $1 million if you and your lawyer settle your case before the filing of an answer or demand for appointment of arbitrators or if you settle before the time for filing the answer or demanding appointment of arbitrators expires,
40 percent of any recovery up to $1 million if you settle or win your case at any point after the filing of an answer or demand for appointment of arbitrators or after the time expires for filing and answer or demanding arbitration through the entry of judgment.
In addition to the above fee, your lawyer may charge up to 30 percent of any additional recovery between $1 million and $2 million either by settlement or trial verdict.
In addition to the above fees, your lawyer may charge up to 20 percent of any additional recovery above $2 million either by settlement or trial verdict.
At times, the person you are suing may admit that they are liable but may disagree with you on the amount of damages that they owe you. If all of the defendants admit liability when they file their answers and only want a trial on the question of damages, the lawyer may charge up to 33 1/3 percent of any recovery up to $1 million, 20 percent of any recovery between $1 and $2 million, and 15 percent of any recovery over $2 million.
If after the trial or settlement your case is appealed or your attorney has to seek post-judgment relief or file an action to help you collect your judgment, an additional 5 percent of the recovery may be added to the fee.
In addition to fees, you may be responsible for paying costs and expenses if this is what your agreement requires. These will have to be paid even if you lose your case and your lawyer does not collect a fee. At the end of your case, your lawyer must give you a written statement of the outcome of the case. If there is a recovery, the lawyer must give you a written statement of the amount recovered and how it is calculated, plus an itemized bill showing all of the costs and expenses. This statement must be signed by you and the lawyer(s) who represented you. If you have any question on any of the charges, ask your lawyer.

Judge Rosman and Judge Shenko, along with attorney Scott Mager know that Ms. Williams has already paid an enormous amount of money to one attorney and now the rulings against her by Rosman and the continued upholding of those judgments by Shenko total far more than she initially settled.  Click here to see how those numbers break down.
Upon hearing the news about Rosman, Ms. Williams commented to Sons Of Liberty Media, “A judge who believes it’s okay to buy a woman for sex is a judge who would allow a lawyer to buy the rights to sue a rape victim.  That’s what happened to me.”
I previously wrote:
Scott Mager of Mager Paruas, LLC bought the rights to sue Ms. Williams, she told The Washington Standard, and this was confirmed by another attorney.  Have you ever heard of such a thing and can it possibly be legal or lawful?  Believe it or not, it is. Mager was not harmed in any way by Williams.  He is seeking a profit, not justice nor reimbursement for services.  He is attempting to profit monetarily from a rape victim’s suffering.
Williams believes she is being pressured to turn around and sue the “most famous female attorney in the country” so that Mr. Mager can get an even bigger cut than what a judge seemed to have awarded him behind closed doors: $1.4 million.
How was Mager allowed to do this?  Enter Judge J. B. Rosman, who granted Mager to be added as a plaintiff.
Those in Florida and other places may remember Judge Rosman as being in the news around this time last year.  Why?  It’s because he was arrested in a prostitution sting in Naples, Florida.
Seriously, you can’t make this stuff up!
News-Press.com reported in February 2018:

Rosman and five other men were arrested Friday following a Naples Police Department prostitution operation.
Rosman pleaded not guilty, waived his arraignment and asked for a jury trial.
Chief Judge Michael T. McHugh will preside over Rosman’s docket, Miles said.
Rosman was one of three high-profile arrests in that operation, including a pastor and a Broadway actor. 
Rosman, 64, is also accused of resisting arrest.
Naples police say Rosman allegedly made contact with an undercover officer via phone and arranged to meet at a hotel. He agreed to pay $300 for a sexual act but instead was placed under arrest. He began to resist but officers were able to gain control and handcuffed Rosman.

Here’s a copy of his letter to then-Governor Rick Scott, in which he refers to a resignation/retirement, but fails to acknowledge his arrest.

Later, I reported:
In March 2018, it was reported that he agreed to deferred prosecution in the charges against him in the prostitution ring sting.  What happened to Rosman?  He didn’t even get a slap on the wrist, more like a tickle and a wink.
Rosman agreed to the following program:
– six months supervision with early termination when all conditions are met
– pay $1,000 fine with half going to the drug court program and that other half to a DCF trust fund
– pay $50 for cost of prosecution
– attend an AIDs workshop/STD screening
– complete the ‘More to Life Restorative Justice Program’ about the negative effects of prostitution/human trafficking
This came just months after he used the court overseeing the interception of $200,000 of Ms. Williams money by her attorney and then only giving Ms. Williams 50% of it back while giving the other $100,000 to the man Judge Rosman allowed to be substituted in place of plaintiff Michael Dolce, Scott Mager.  Though the substitution of Mager Paruas cited Florida Law (Schmidt v Mueller), as best I can tell, that case cited involved a man who had an interest in a case and because he started his own company, he merely substituted the company, which was his, for his name as a plaintiff.  Mager of Mager and Paruas was never a part of the original rape case.  So, how he or Mager Paruas had any interest in this ongoing lawsuit is beyond me.  The only connection was Dolce and Dolce didn’t begin working for Mager Paruas until after this case had begun.
The point is that due to the disciplinary action of the Bar against Rosman, it may open the door to have everything reversed for Ms. Williams in the case.
However, that’s not all.
Williams has filed a Bar complaint against Scott Mager, who has now divulged the contents of her non-disclosure agreement with the Major League Baseball player who she claims raped her.  Over 100 pages of documentation against Mager were submitted by Ms. Williams alleging unethical behavior, theft and fraud.  That investigation by the Bar is currently being conducted.
Additionally, she has filed a Bar complaint against one of her own attorneys alleging that he stole $200,000 and had promised it to Scott Mager after a behind-closed-door meeting with Mager and Judge Rosman.
Finally, the attorney that followed up behind also affirmed in an affidavit that he had not agreed to an entry submitted to the court by Scott Mager, which robbed Ms. Williams of another $200,000.  All of that took place under Judge Jay B. Rosman.
Now, he’s disbarred.
If Ms. Williams could actually obtain an attorney that would put up a fight on her behalf, she could probably see to it that not only would she get a reversal of this injustice against her, but she could also turn the tables on those seeking her life.
Listen to her tell her story below.
Confessions Of A Former Gloria Allred Client
Deanna Williams Needs Your Support. You Can Donate To Help Her Survive At Her Go Fund Me Page By Clicking Here.
My previous reporting of the story of Deanna Williams and other things that were discovered in the process.

Florida: Buying & Selling for Profit The Right to Sue a Rape Victim – The Deanna Williams Story
Judge Tossed Right To Sue Rape Victim – Florida Attorneys Still Pursue Her, Threaten Arrest
Rape Victim Pursued By Attorney, Who Bought Right To Sue Her, Threatened With Arrest Within 24 Hours – Here’s Why
Rape Victim Claims Gloria Allred Failed To Honor Agreement – Now She Faces Threats Of Arrest & Judgments Of Over $1 Million
Why Did The Florida Judicial System Render A Final Judgment Against A Rape Victim Without Giving Her Time To Defend Herself?
What Do Gloria Allred & A Florida Judge Busted In A Prostitution Sting Have In Common?
Ousted Oklahoma Judge Turned Florida Attorney Michael Chionopoulos Involved In Possible Malpractice In Depriving Rape Victim Of Hundreds Of Thousands Of Dollars
1 Person Now Dead In Case Against Rape Victim – When Will Governor DeSantis, the Attorney General & Florida Bar Intervene?
Did Florida Governor & Sean Hannity Drop Support Of Florida Sheriff Carmine Marceno Because He Abused His Power To Pursue Women For Sex & Wanted His Baby Murdered?
Florida State-Controlled Media Provides Cover For FDLE Report On Lee County Sheriff Regarding Threats In Paternity Suit – Here’s What They Didn’t Report
Exclusive: Why Is Lee County Sheriff Carmine Marceno Perpetrating This Fraud On The People?
Exclusive: The Fraud In Lee County Continues – Documents Indicate Sheriff Never Met The Requirements To Be A Police Officer
Florida “Republicans” Are Apparently OK Supporting Pro-Baby Murder & Corrupt Sheriff
Lee County Sheriff Carmine Marceno Decorates Himself In Same Fashion As Dictators Of The Past
The Next Tier In Lee County, Florida Corruption: State Attorney Amira Fox
Is The State Of Florida Going To Quietly Stand By As This Woman’s Life Hangs In The Balance As They Did With Terri Schiavo?
Florida Sheriffs Association Silent On Lee County Sheriff Carmine Marceno’s Fraud
The Documents SW Florida Media Are Afraid To Show Lee County Citizens About Sheriff Carmine Marceno
Is “Women’s Rights” Attorney Gloria Allred Responsible For Leaving This Woman To Face Over A $1 Million Judgment?
A Florida Bar Investigator, The State Attorney & A Sheriff – The Corruption Runs Deep
Joe Biden Dropped Out Of The ’88 Presidential Election For Embellishing His Academic Record – Why Doesn’t Lee County Sheriff Carmine Marceno Drop Out Of His Campaign?
What Is With Florida Republicans Supporting Frauds, Police Impersonators & Those Tied To Islamic Terrorism?
Gloria Allred Leaves Florida Woman Hanging Out To Dry While Greedy, Money Hungry Attorneys & Enabling, Corrupt Judges Pursue Her For Over $1 Million (Video)
Florida Bar Drops The Ball On Attorney Grand Theft Of $200,000… Again!
Florida Attorney Scott Mager Seems To Make A 6 Figure Job For Himself Against Rape Victim
Exclusive Bombshell: Lee County Sheriff’s Office Can’t Produce Certification For Sheriff
Why is Michael Avenatti’s Indictment For Ripping Off A Porn Star National News, But This Story Involving Gloria Allred Faces Blackout?
Mainstream Media Covers Michael Avenatti “Not Guilty” Plea – Blackout Gloria Allred’s Dumping On Rape Victim
Florida Department Of Law Enforcement Or Department of Whitewashing & Coverup?
More Evidence Of Florida Corruption In Case Of Attorney Suing Rape Victim For Profit
Former Florida State Attorney Refused To Prosecute Rape & Grand Theft From Rape Victim – Sued Local TV Station Over “Hurt Feelings”
Southwest Florida Media Is Finally Reporting On Corruption We’ve Been Exposing For Months!
Tonight’s The Night Lee County Sheriff Gets Exposed For The Fraud He Is By Local Media
Florida County Gets Rocked By Explosive Report Over Fraudulent Sheriff
Rape Victim Files Bar Complaint Against Florida Attorney Scott Mager Alleging He’s Knowingly In Possession of Six-Figures Of Stolen Funds
Bombshell: Lee County Sheriff Carmine Marceno Puts People In Danger By Violating Florida Law Concerning Illegals
Former Lee County Sheriff To File Formal Complaint With Florida Commission On Ethics – Calls For Investigation Of Lee County Sheriff Carmine Marceno
Florida Commission On Ethics Receives Complaint Against Lee County Sheriff Carmine Marceno From Former Sheriff
Epstein Victims Should Be Wary Of Gloria Allred & Here’s Why
Documents: Lee County Sheriff’s Office & Florida State Attorney’s Office Completely Dropped The Ball On Victim Of Grand Theft
Lee County Arrests Police Captain For Prostitution & Perjury – Criminal Sheriff Carmine Marceno Still In Place
Florida: “Constitutional” “Republicans” To Turn Out In “Support” & “Honor” Of A Documented Felon Who Wanted His Own Child Murdered
Former Lee County Sheriff Urges Senator Rick Scott To Back Off Support For Criminal Sheriff He Appointed
Florida Ethics Commission Investigating Lee County Sheriff Carmine Marceno
Former Lee County Sheriff to FDLE: Sheriff Carmine Marceno Has Engaged In “The Biggest Fraud Perpetrated On Police Officer Standards & Training I Have Ever Seen”
The Guardian Finally Makes A National Story About Lee County Sheriff Carmine Marceno’s Crimes That We’ve Reported On For Months! – Will Gloria Allred Be Next?
Is This The Reason SouthWest Florida Media Is Silent About The Crimes & Unethical Behavior Of Carmine Marceno?
Former Sheriff Provides Florida Ethics Investigator Additional Evidence Of Criminal & Ethics Violations By Lee County Sheriff Carmine Marceno
Florida: Sheriff That Violated Ethics & State Law Fires Clerk After Her Arrest & Policy Violations
Florida: Attorneys Could Collectively Face Over 100 Years In Prison For Grand Theft, Possession Of Stolen Funds & Fraud
Former Lee County Sheriff Files “Police Officer Certification Fraud” Complaint With FDLE Against Appointed Lee County Sheriff Carmine Marceno
Did Lee County Sheriff Carmine Marceno Obstruct Justice Or Was This Complete Incompetence – Or Both? (Audio)
Lee County Sheriff Carmine Marceno’s Education Fraud May Now Include Perjury
Former Sheriff Files Fraud Complaint With Florida Criminal Justice Standards & Training Commission Against Lee County Sheriff Carmine Marceno
Office Of Executive Investigations Launches Investigation Into Fraud Concerning Lee County Sheriff Carmine Marceno
#MeToo Florida: Woman Pleads For Florida AG Ashley Moody To Give Her Access To Law Enforcement After Corrupt Sheriff Took Advantage Of Her
Florida: Is The State Attorney, The Lee County Sheriff’s Office Or The Judge To Blame For Releasing A Criminal Who Committed A Double Murder?
Former Lee County Deputy Dumps The Entire Carmine Marceno Criminal File On Florida Governor, AG & FDLE In Stunning New Letter
Retired Major Joins Chorus In Calling For Resignation Of “Corrupt” Lee County Sheriff Over Fraud & Ethics Violations
Gloria Allred & Florida Attorney Scott Mager Take More Money From Rape Victim Than She Got In Civil Settlement – Leaves Her Owing Over $600,000!
Like Father, Like Son: Lee County Sheriff’s Father Threatens Son Of Crime Victim – Explosive Video Sent To Governor, AG & FDLE
Attorneys Now Seek To Make Rape Victim Not Only Pay More Than Her Settlement, But Force Her To Pay For A Deposition They Want
Documents Reveal Lee County Sheriff Carmine Marceno Was “Not Recommended” To Be Hired At Previous Sheriff’s Office

Article posted with permission from Sons Of Liberty Media
    Tim Brown  		Tim Brown is an author and Editor at FreedomOutpost.com,  SonsOfLibertyMedia.com, GunsInTheNews.com and TheWashingtonStandard.com.  He is husband to his "more precious than rubies" wife, father of 10 "mighty arrows", jack of all trades, Christian and lover of liberty. He resides in the U.S. occupied Great State of South Carolina. .  Follow Tim on Twitter. Also check him out on Gab, Minds, MeWe, Spreely, Mumbl It and Steemit             View all posts    











Related Posts

















Matt Agorist


 


200 Cops In A Single Department Accused Of Domestic Violence & Sex Crimes, Including Against Children


 













The Washington Standard


 


Readin’, ‘Ritin, & Rainbow Madness! Drag Queen Forces 11-Year-Old To Leave Class For Denying 73 Genders


 













Matt Agorist


 


Video of Cop Beating Innocent Man for Not Using Sidewalk was So Disturbing the Cop Was Arrested


 













The Washington Standard


 


Each Migrant Costs NYC $10,000 A Month


 







Previous post

				Texas:  Since Feeding Homeless Is Illegal, Activists Carry Ar-15s To Give Out Food & Supplies			




Next post

				California:  2 Cops Arrested For Molesting Children While They Worked As Pastors At Church			






 


Sign Up To Receive Our Daily Updates





* Email








Subscribe






 



 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 






Categories

Commentary

Constitution & Law

Economy

Politics

Uncategorized

US

Videos

World
















Copyright © The Washington Standard, All Rights Reserved.
Our posts contain affiliate links and we earn a small commission from those links. This is how we help to make money so we can continue to bring you amazing content. Thank you for your support.
 

 












SHARE
Florida:  Judge Disbarred For Soliciting Prostitution & Resisting Arrest – May Open Up Opportunity For Reversal Of Rape Victim Being Sued For More Than She Settled















































