








The Spartacus Letter, Part III – and concluding thoughts – The Duran


































































































































 



  







 














Search for:


Search














Switch skin



Switch to the dark mode that's kinder on your eyes at night time.
Switch to the light mode that's kinder on your eyes at day time.




Login


Log In
Register
History
Read Later
Favourites



SHARE VIDEO						




Video



Link



Posts


								View all formats							


































 



















NEWS
LINKS
VIDEO




Latest







						Trending					





The Times, west quiet about Nord Stream. Lukashenko calls out Elensky. Boris and Belarus Guaido. U/2









						Trending					





Russia Captures East Bakhmut, Zelensky Admits Its Importance: West Intel: Nord Stream Attack Was by 6 Guys And A Boat











What Are the Pillars of Prosperity? How To Be FREE from Control











China Sends BIG Signals | Some Didn’t Like It











SHOP






































Menu





















 




































You are here: 


Home




News



The Spartacus Letter, Part III – and concluding thoughts



 












in Latest, News

The Spartacus Letter, Part III – and concluding thoughts
The body of evidence suggests a very broadly applied power play. Who is going to stop it? We are.



by


Seraphim Hanisch


October 28, 2021 

620 Views
5 Votes
1 Comment 

 Telegram Email Comments







The statements, views and opinions expressed in this column are solely those of the author and do not necessarily represent those of this site. This site does not give financial, investment or medical advice.




We present here the third and final part of the “Spartacus Letter” for your reading and consideration.
Part I of this letter is here.
Part II of this letter is here.
As before stated, the supporting references are presently unavailable as the original document’s web location has been deleted (“canceled”) by those who do not want us to know about this.
This very censorship ought to raise questions. Please think about these:
In the last several decades we have been shown many interesting and possibly true “theories” regarding:

The destruction of the Twin Towers and Number 7 WTC on 9/11 as “controlled demolition”
The Trump-Russia “collusion”
The authentication of UFO activity over the US and around the world, for decades
All things Monsanto, genetic modification of crops
Arguments for and against anthropogenic (human caused) climate change

In all of these, and more, there has been a certain tendency by those controlling the mainstream news sources to “filter” out reports that are not conducive to their own chosen point of view. Such is the right of any news reporting organization, or even any individual, to present information in context of one’s own point of view. While mainstream thought often was louder than more true dissent, that dissent was certainly allowed to circulate.
In a sense, it still is now. After all, this piece is before your very eyes, Dear Reader, so that means that not all the Internet is censoring dissent pieces about COVID, one of which this certainly is. However, COVID as the basis of policy decisions is being forced on much of the public all around the world, and with fierce force and pressure.
We were warned, for example, in the ancient book of Revelation that there would come a time where people would have to get a mark on their head or right hand that would be required if they were to buy and sell anything. Now, we have COVID-19 passports in many Western, formerly Christian countries, and in many cases, people are not allowed to even shop for food unless they show proof of receiving a shot whose other effects besides political are dubious.
We have whole states and nations on lockdowns over a virus pandemic with a very low morbidity rate. While every life certainly matters, one still wonders at the panic over an illness from which 99+ percent survive, many of whom never even know they have it or ever had it.
The Spartacus Letter goes a long way towards attempting to explain the aspects of COVID-19, its pathology and the means of treatment that work, as well as those that do not and cannot work. While I am no medical professional, I do know how to read, and I find that the flow of information presented is cogent, reasonable and it supports the claims the writer (or writers) of the Spartacus Letter are making.
Something is definitely off the rails. And there are definitely people who are really enjoying the hugely inflated amounts of power with most of us (in good faith) initially gave them, thinking they would employ the usual amounts of expertise to fix the problem, as has happened before.
Not this time. Now most of the world is cowed in some way – be it be fear of the illness, fear of the vaccine, fear of losing one’s job or livelihood, fear of losing one’s social position, peer pressure, fear of government retribution, and probably much more. It is already become fear not to eat for many.
This must be stopped.
Maybe COVID is really deadly. Maybe it is deserving of the yelling and screaming that it has earned over the last two years. But it sure doesn’t look like it is. Even now, in Russia, as the nation prepares to enter a limited lockdown, the rates are showing a drop that has been consistent for several days. I want to be quick to praise any person or organization that does these things because they are truly motivated by what is best for the people they represent. Russia, oddly enough, seems still to be relatively free of the kind of “Cancel” politics so common in the West about this, but I still think there is too much inducement of panic and the reasons for this are not clear.
In the West, though, it appears to be all about control, the Great Reset, and the controlling of populations (and perhaps their culling, if some predictions about the vaccine turn out to be accurate).
We gave power to evil people. We may not have realized it then, but some of us know it now, and more of us need to know it, and to wrest that power back out of their hands. It seems to me that Dr. “Beagle-Killer” Fauci has largely been at the center of this in the West, but there are more like him.
We can stop this. The first step in stopping it is getting informed. The next is like the first: to refuse to participate in this global and terrifying process.
Now, for part III of the letter. Thank you for reading all of this, and please archive these pieces and share them with your friends and loved ones. You might make a true difference in their lives, and those of all of us. May God bless us and protect us.

COVID-19 Vaccine Development and Links to Transhumanism:
This section deals with some more speculative aspects of the pandemic and the medical and scientific establishment’s reaction to it, as well as the disturbing links between scientists involved in vaccine research and scientists whose work involved merging nanotechnology with living cells.
On June 9th, 2020, Charles Lieber, a Harvard nanotechnology researcher with decades of experience, was indicted by the DOJ for fraud. Charles Lieber received millions of dollars in grant money from the US Department of Defense, specifically the military think tanks DARPA, AFOSR, and ONR, as well as NIH and MITRE. His specialty is the use of silicon nanowires in lieu of patch clamp electrodes to monitor and modulate intracellular activity, something he has been working on at Harvard for the past twenty years. He was claimed to have been working on silicon nanowire batteries in China, but none of his colleagues can recall him ever having worked on battery technology in his life; all of his research deals with bionanotechnology, or the blending of nanotech with living cells.
The indictment was over his collaboration with the Wuhan University of Technology. He had double- dipped, against the terms of his DOD grants, and taken money from the PRC’s Thousand Talents plan, a program which the Chinese government uses to bribe Western scientists into sharing proprietary R&D information that can be exploited by the PLA for strategic advantage.
Charles Lieber’s own papers describe the use of silicon nanowires for brain-computer interfaces, or “neural lace” technology. His papers describe how neurons can endocytose whole silicon nanowires or parts of them, monitoring and even modulating neuronal activity.
Charles Lieber was a colleague of Robert Langer. Together, along with Daniel S. Kohane, they worked on a paper describing artificial tissue scaffolds that could be implanted in a human heart to monitor its activity remotely.
Robert Langer, an MIT alumnus and expert in nanotech drug delivery, is one of the co-founders of Moderna. His net worth is now $5.1 billion USD thanks to Moderna’s mRNA-1273 vaccine sales.
Both Charles Lieber and Robert Langer’s bibliographies describe, essentially, techniques for human enhancement, i.e. transhumanism. Klaus Schwab, the founder of the World Economic Forum and the architect behind the so-called “Great Reset”, has long spoken of the “blending of biology and machinery” in his books.
Since these revelations, it has come to the attention of independent researchers that the COVID-19 vaccines may contain reduced graphene oxide nanoparticles. Japanese researchers have also found unexplained contaminants in COVID-19 vaccines.
Graphene oxide is an anxiolytic. It has been shown to reduce the anxiety of laboratory mice when injected into their brains. Indeed, given SARS-CoV-2 Spike’s propensity to compromise the blood-brain barrier and increase its permeability, it is the perfect protein for preparing brain tissue for extravasation of nanoparticles from the bloodstream and into the brain. Graphene is also highly conductive and, in some circumstances, paramagnetic.
In 2013, under the Obama administration, DARPA launched the BRAIN Initiative; BRAIN is an acronym for Brain Research Through Advancing Innovative Neurotechnologies®. This program involves the development of brain-computer interface technologies for the military, particularly non-invasive, injectable systems that cause minimal damage to brain tissue when removed. Supposedly, this technology would be used for healing wounded soldiers with traumatic brain injuries, the direct brain control of prosthetic limbs, and even new abilities such as controlling drones with one’s mind.
Various methods have been proposed for achieving this, including optogenetics, magnetogenetics, ultrasound, implanted electrodes, and transcranial electromagnetic stimulation. In all instances, the goal is to obtain read or read-write capability over neurons, either by stimulating and probing them, or by rendering them especially sensitive to stimulation and probing.
However, the notion of the widespread use of BCI technology, such as Elon Musk’s Neuralink device, raises many concerns over privacy and personal autonomy. Reading from neurons is problematic enough on its own. Wireless brain-computer interfaces may interact with current or future wireless GSM infrastructure, creating neurological data security concerns. A hacker or other malicious actor may compromise such networks to obtain people’s brain data, and then exploit it for nefarious purposes.
However, a device capable of writing to human neurons, not just reading from them, presents another, even more serious set of ethical concerns. A BCI that is capable of altering the contents of one’s mind for innocuous purposes, such as projecting a heads-up display onto their brain’s visual center or sending audio into one’s auditory cortex, would also theoretically be capable of altering mood and personality, or perhaps even subjugating someone’s very will, rendering them utterly obedient to authority. This technology would be a tyrant’s wet dream. Imagine soldiers who would shoot their own countrymen without hesitation, or helpless serfs who are satisfied to live in literal dog kennels.
BCIs could be used to unscrupulously alter perceptions of basic things such as emotions and values, changing people’s thresholds of satiety, happiness, anger, disgust, and so forth. This is not inconsequential. Someone’s entire regime of behaviors could be altered by a BCI, including such things as suppressing their appetite or desire for virtually anything on Maslow’s Hierarchy of Needs.
Anything is possible when you have direct access to someone’s brain and its contents. Someone who is obese could be made to feel disgust at the sight of food. Someone who is involuntarily celibate could have their libido disabled so they don’t even desire sex to begin with. Someone who is racist could be forced to feel delight over cohabiting with people of other races. Someone who is violent could be forced to be meek and submissive. These things might sound good to you if you are a tyrant, but to normal people, the idea of personal autonomy being overridden to such a degree is appalling.
For the wealthy, neural laces would be an unequaled boon, giving them the opportunity to enhance their intelligence with neuroprosthetics (i.e. an “exocortex”), and to deliver irresistible commands directly into the minds of their BCI-augmented servants, even physically or sexually abusive commands that they would normally refuse.
If the vaccine is a method to surreptitiously introduce an injectable BCI into millions of people without their knowledge or consent, then what we are witnessing is the rise of a tyrannical regime unlike anything ever seen before on the face of this planet, one that fully intends to strip every man, woman, and child of our free will.
Our flaws are what make us human. A utopia arrived at by removing people’s free will is not a utopia at all. It is a monomaniacal nightmare. Furthermore, the people who rule over us are Dark Triad types who cannot be trusted with such power. Imagine being beaten and sexually assaulted by a wealthy and powerful psychopath and being forced to smile and laugh over it because your neural lace gives you no choice but to obey your master.
The Elites are forging ahead with this technology without giving people any room to question the social or ethical ramifications, or to establish regulatory frameworks that ensure that our personal agency and autonomy will not be overridden by these devices. They do this because they secretly dream of a future where they can treat you worse than an animal and you cannot even fight back. If this evil plan is allowed to continue, it will spell the end of humanity as we know it.
Conclusions:
The current pandemic was produced and perpetuated by the establishment, through the use of a virus engineered in a PLA-connected Chinese biowarfare laboratory, with the aid of American taxpayer dollars and French expertise.
This research was conducted under the absolutely ridiculous euphemism of “gain-of-function” research, which is supposedly carried out in order to determine which viruses have the highest potential for zoonotic spillover and preemptively vaccinate or guard against them.
Gain-of-function/gain-of-threat research, a.k.a. “Dual-Use Research of Concern”, or DURC, is bioweapon research by another, friendlier-sounding name, simply to avoid the taboo of calling it what it actually is. It has always been bioweapon research. The people who are conducting this research fully understand that they are taking wild pathogens that are not infectious in humans and making them more infectious, often taking grants from military think tanks encouraging them to do so.
These virologists conducting this type of research are enemies of their fellow man, like pyromaniac firefighters. GOF research has never protected anyone from any pandemic. In fact, it has now started one, meaning its utility for preventing pandemics is actually negative. It should have been banned globally, and the lunatics performing it should have been put in straitjackets long ago.
Either through a leak or an intentional release from the Wuhan Institute of Virology, a deadly SARS strain is now endemic across the globe, after the WHO and CDC and public officials first downplayed the risks, and then intentionally incited a panic and lockdowns that jeopardized people’s health and their livelihoods.
This was then used by the utterly depraved and psychopathic aristocratic class who rule over us as an excuse to coerce people into accepting an injected poison which may be a depopulation agent, a mind control/pacification agent in the form of injectable “smart dust”, or both in one. They believe they can get away with this by weaponizing the social stigma of vaccine refusal. They are incorrect.
Their motives are clear and obvious to anyone who has been paying attention. These megalomaniacs have raided the pension funds of the free world. Wall Street is insolvent and has had an ongoing liquidity crisis since the end of 2019. The aim now is to exert total, full-spectrum physical, mental, and financial control over humanity before we realize just how badly we’ve been extorted by these maniacs.
The pandemic and its response served multiple purposes for the Elite:

Concealing a depression brought on by the usurious plunder of our economies conducted by rentier-capitalists and absentee owners who produce absolutely nothing of any value to society whatsoever. Instead of us having a very predictable Occupy Wall Street Part II, the Elites and their stooges got to stand up on television and paint themselves as wise and all-powerful saviors instead of the marauding cabal of despicable land pirates that they are.
Destroying small businesses and eroding the middle class.
Transferring trillions of dollars of wealth from the American public and into the pockets of billionaires and special interests.
Engaging in insider trading, buying stock in biotech companies and shorting brick-and-mortar businesses and travel companies, with the aim of collapsing face-to-face commerce and tourism and replacing it with e-commerce and servitization.
Creating a casus belli for war with China, encouraging us to attack them, wasting American lives and treasure and driving us to the brink of nuclear armageddon.
Establishing technological and biosecurity frameworks for population control and technocratic- socialist “smart cities” where everyone’s movements are despotically tracked, all in anticipation of widespread automation, joblessness, and food shortages, by using the false guise of a vaccine to compel cooperation.

Any one of these things would constitute a vicious rape of Western society. Taken together, they beggar belief; they are a complete inversion of our most treasured values.
What is the purpose of all of this? One can only speculate as to the perpetrators’ motives, however, we have some theories.
The Elites are trying to pull up the ladder, erase upward mobility for large segments of the population, cull political opponents and other “undesirables”, and put the remainder of humanity on a tight leash, rationing our access to certain goods and services that they have deemed “high-impact”, such as automobile use, tourism, meat consumption, and so on. Naturally, they will continue to have their own luxuries, as part of a strict caste system akin to feudalism.
Why are they doing this? Simple. The Elites are Neo-Malthusians and believe that we are overpopulated and that resource depletion will collapse civilization in a matter of a few short decades. They are not necessarily incorrect in this belief. We are overpopulated, and we are consuming too many resources. However, orchestrating such a gruesome and murderous power grab in response to a looming crisis demonstrates that they have nothing but the utmost contempt for their fellow man.
To those who are participating in this disgusting farce without any understanding of what they are doing, we have one word for you. Stop. You are causing irreparable harm to your country and to your fellow citizens.
To those who may be reading this warning and have full knowledge and understanding of what they are doing and how it will unjustly harm millions of innocent people, we have a few more words.
Damn you to hell. You will not destroy America and the Free World, and you will not have your New World Order. We will make certain of that.


Read LaterAdd to FavouritesAdd to CollectionReport




The statements, views and opinions expressed in this column are solely those of the author and do not necessarily represent those of this site. This site does not give financial, investment or medical advice.






libertyWuhanMoscowLab LeakconspiracySARSUSgain-of-functionpowerCovid-19ChinaDr. Rochelle WalenskySorosSARS-CoV-2WestCenters for Disease ControlspeculationmalthusianFranceparamagnetismHellModernaUSAman-madeCDCvaccineeliteFrenchNew World OrderRussiaSputnik VfreedomNeoWorld Health OrganizationDonald TrumpbiowarfareWall StreetROchelle WalenskycontrolUS ElectionsPfizerChristianitydepopulationVladimir PutinVAERS 

What do you think?



5 Points			
 Upvote
 Downvote






 

 



 Subscribe 








Notify of 


new follow-up comments
new replies to my comments








 







 


Label












{}
[+]

 














Name*




Email*




Website






















                Rate this article                            

































 


Label












{}
[+]

 














Name*




Email*




Website


































1 Comment                    





Oldest


Newest
Most Voted





 Inline Feedbacks
View all comments











    Phil















    October 29, 2021 



Thank you for speaking the truth.






2






Reply





 









You May Also Like 







8 Shares590 Views9 Votes
in Latest, Video 
Russian Federation shows SANITY by refusing Vaxx Mandates [Video]




by


Seraphim Hanisch


October 13, 2021 









18 Shares1.1k Views11 Votes
in Latest, News 
The Spartacus COVID-19 Letter – Part II




by


Seraphim Hanisch


October 26, 2021 









7 Shares1.1k Views4 Votes
in Latest, News 
Metropolitan Hilarion goes full woke on COVID vaccine [Video]




by


Seraphim Hanisch


July 7, 2021 




















More From: Latest 







162 Views7 Votes
in Latest 
U.S. to the World: We’ll Rule You, Or We’ll Kill You




by


Eric Zuesse


March 9, 2023 








						Trending					




11 Shares1.2k Views35 Votes
in Latest, Video 
The Times, west quiet about Nord Stream. Lukashenko calls out Elensky. Boris and Belarus Guaido. U/2




by


Alex Christoforou


March 8, 2023 








						Trending					




24 Shares1.5k Views53 Votes
in Latest, Video 
Russia Captures East Bakhmut, Zelensky Admits Its Importance: West Intel: Nord Stream Attack Was by 6 Guys And A Boat




by


Alexander Mercouris


March 8, 2023 




























France: Can Éric Zemmour Be The Next President? 






Revival of an Economic Debate From 100+ Years Ago 








Share a video








The Duran Newsletter
Don't worry, we don't spam.



Email:


Please wait








Thank you for signing up.






Support Us 




 







 









 











 







		Join @thedurancom on Telegram	


 



See something interesting?

Share a video




 





The Duran Newsletter
Don't worry, we don't spam.



Email:


Please wait








Thank you for signing up.






 









© 2023 





Back to Top









Close



Search for:


Search



NEWS
LINKS
VIDEO
SHOP
 





facebook







twitter







instagram







youtube







spotify




SHARE VIDEO








Log In
Sign In


Username or Email Address


Password

 Remember Me


 
Forgot password?
Don't have an account? Register



Forgot password?

		Enter your account data and we will send you a link to reset your password.	





Username or Email Address






Back to Login





Your password reset link appears to be invalid or expired.



Log in
Privacy Policy
	To use social login you have to agree with the storage and handling of your data by this website. %privacy_policy%
Accept




Close



Add to Collection



				Add new or search				







Public collection title




Private collection title






No Collections
Here you'll find all collections you've created before.



Posting....wpDiscuz10Would love your thoughts, please comment.x()x| ReplyInsert 















































































































Send this to a friendSendCancel 




