








MASSIVE ANTI-VAX MANDATE PROTEST: NYC Workers Pro-Choice, Anti-Mandate,"Hold The Line!" - Geller Report



















































 













			Wednesday, March 08, 2023		




Subscribe
|
News Tips




Search for:



 









































About
Donate
Articles
Categories
Quotables
Press
Books
Rebuttals
Video
 

		Donate Today
	














Search for:



 
















News Ticker:



[ March 8, 2023 ]
WOW! Trumps Bold New Proposals for 2024: 10 New Freedom Cities, Baby Bonuses, Flying Cars




[ March 8, 2023 ]
ICYMI: Listen to Pamela Geller in The Joe Hoft Show, “General Happiness Cannot Be Created...




[ March 8, 2023 ]
BREAKING: Hungary Preparing To Prosecute Nazi Collaborator George Soros For NAZI War Crimes And Murders




[ March 8, 2023 ]
BOMBSHELL Former CDC Director Testimony: US Taxpayer Money From NIH, State Department, USAID, DOD Funded...




[ March 8, 2023 ]
Newly Released Surveillance Footage: Capitol Police Ignored Abandoned, No Communication, DELIBERATELY Left Unprepared




[ March 8, 2023 ]
Chinese Foreign Minister Says Conflict with US Inevitable




[ March 7, 2023 ]
SQUIRMING McConnell Says It Was a “Mistake” for Tucker Carlson to Release Previously Unseen J6...




[ March 7, 2023 ]
Growing Number of Jan. 6 Defendants Ask Judges to Delay Trials in Light of Newly...




[ March 7, 2023 ]
The Greatest Ripoff in American History: Democrats Spent $100 Billion of Your Money on Climate...




[ March 7, 2023 ]
New, Never Seen J6 Footage Shows January 6th Committee LIED and Ray Epps LIED To...










MASSIVE ANTI-VAX MANDATE PROTEST: NYC Workers Pro-Choice, Anti-Mandate,”Hold The Line!”By Pamela Hall - on November 1, 2021


 






 Share Tweet Truth       Gettr Parler Telegram LinkedIn       

 
…October 28, 2021. 11 am. NYC- outside Gracie Mansion.


On Nov 1st Mayor De Blasio will send city workers home. Fire them if not vaxxed. Creating a manufactured crisis. City workers who refuse to begin their vaccine series will be terminated …
Fire and EMS unions have fought the mandate since its inception, claiming the weekly COVID tests for unvaccinated employees were keeping everyone safe. The Mayor should have hammered out a vaccination compromise with union leaders instead of threatening to take away workers’ pay, they said. [NY Daily News]

Flickr Part 1 slide show: Recognize Natural Immunity!

NY Post: FDNY firehouses shuttered

The FDNY’s vaccination rate was at 72 percent at the end of Friday. the city’s deadline for workers to get at least one shot of the Covid vaccine. The mandate is expected to be enforced beginning Monday. The NYPD’s number stood at 84 percent vaccinated.
 
A memo sent Friday to the members of the Uniformed Fire Officers Association said it was “still in negotiations” with the Office of Labor Relations “for an extension to the deadline as well as alternate methods of implementation to maintain the safety of the public and choice for our membership.”
The memo, which was seen by The Post, advised all members, whether vaccinated or not, to report for duty when scheduled and to make notations in the fire company’s journal about why they were asked to leave. De Blasio has held firm, saying Thursday the city would not extend the deadline.
Flickr Part 2 – HOLD THE LINE!

A high number of city emergency medical technicians and paramedics called in sick Saturday suffering side effects from their first COVID-19 vaccine shot, leaving the city down 40 ambulances, FDNY officials said. A majority of the ambulances out of service were in the Bronx, sources said.  [NY Daily News]

What follows are 6 short videos excerpted from an hour long protest outside Gracie Mansion.
Part 1 -excerpted from an hour long protest. First speaker, stressed accepting natural immunity. Why aren’t they recognized. “We’re not anti-vax we’re pro-choice. We give our bodies and our souls to this job” (FDNY) Also, not political. not Left/Right.  (He was annoyed with political signs.) Hold The Line!

Part 2 .”We took an oath. We will honor that oath. we will be there to work on Nov. 1st. We’re not sick. We will be there to work on Nov. 1st.We were told exemptions for first responders. We were keeping fire houses open. Yet our careers are in jeopardy. 9 days to make ‘choice’. Over 70% FDNY are vaxxed. Where’s the science!”

Part 3. “This is a manufactured crisis. We will have to close down fire houses. Sanitation workers, EMTs sent home. Police. If the mayor sends them home this whole system will collapse. NEGOTIATE with your workers. Respect them. WHY are they doing this. HOLD THE LINE.”

Part 4. “ We were there for NYC. The mayor says he’s a friend of labor, but he has turned his back on labor/city workers.We built this country. These sky scrapers. All we ask is to be treated with dignity and respect. The mayor took an oath to protect the citizens of this city. He turned his back on us. Mr. Mayor: STAND DOWN.”

Part 5.  A woman spoke, a powerful speaker, I think her name is Jackie. “We always showed up to work. We want to work. So I ask this question: If the weekly testing was working. Why are YOU , Mayor de Blasio eliminating it! We are not anti-vax. We are pro-choice. we should be able to make a personal medical decision. Not to be forced. No mandates. THIS is how to say thank you, mr. mayor, to the essential workers who take care of the citizens of New York.”

Part 6 –  woman speaker continues. “The government of the United States cannot over ride our Constitutional rights. Our Health Care rights. Let me clear, we are not anti- vax. We are PRO choice. You are not alone. WE stand with you and your families. Hold The LINE!”

NY Post: de Blasio won’t budge . Creating a manufactured crisis. On Nov 1st  Mayor de Blasio will send city workers home. Fire them if not vaxxed. It’s an OUTRAGE.
[Where indicated, pictures and videos property of Pamela Hall-VSB]

 Share Tweet Truth       Gettr Parler Telegram LinkedIn        
The Truth Must be Told
Your contribution supports independent journalism
Please take a moment to consider this. Now, more than ever, people are reading Geller Report for news they won't get anywhere else. But advertising revenues have all but disappeared. Google Adsense is the online advertising monopoly and they have banned us. Social media giants like Facebook and Twitter have blocked and shadow-banned our accounts. But we won't put up a paywall. Because never has the free world needed independent journalism more.
Everyone who reads our reporting knows the Geller Report covers the news the media won't. We cannot do our ground-breaking report without your support. We must continue to report on the global jihad and the left's war on freedom. Our readers’ contributions make that possible.
Geller Report's independent, investigative journalism takes a lot of time, money and hard work to produce. But we do it because we believe our work is critical in the fight for freedom and because it is your fight, too.


Please contribute here.



or



					Make a monthly commitment to support The Geller Report – choose the option that suits you best.
				

$25.00 here
$50.00 here
$75.00 here
$100.00 here
$250.00 here





 


Quick note: We cannot do this without your support. Fact. Our work is made possible by you
		and only you. We receive no grants, government handouts, or major funding.

Tech giants are shutting us down. You know this. Twitter, LinkedIn, Google Adsense, Pinterest permanently
		banned us. Facebook, Google search et al have shadow-banned, suspended and deleted us from your news feeds.
		They are disappearing us. But we are here.
	

Subscribe to Geller Report newsletter here— it’s free and it’s essential NOW when informed decision making and opinion is essential to America's survival.
		Share our posts on your social channels and with your email contacts. Fight the great fight.
	
Follow Pamela Geller on Gettr. I am there. click here. 

		Follow Pamela Geller on Trump's social media platform, Truth Social. 

		It's open and free.

	
Remember, YOU make the work possible. If you can, please contribute to Geller Report.
	

Join The Conversation. Leave a Comment.
We have no tolerance for comments containing violence, racism, profanity, vulgarity, doxing, or discourteous behavior. If a comment is spammy or unhelpful, click the - symbol under the comment to let us know. Thank you for partnering with us to maintain fruitful conversation.
Please note: We no longer use Disqus; your Disqus login/password will no longer work on this site.
If you would like to join the conversation, but don't have an account, you can sign up for one right here.
If you do have an account, but are having problems logging in or leaving a comment, it may be because of a browser extension or add-on, perhaps uBlock Origin or an ad blocker or something else. We want you to join the conversation, so perhaps disable browser extensions or your ad blocker until that "post comment" button appears. We look forward to seeing your comments below!





Post navigation
PreviousNext

 



Help Us Fight







Donate via Stripe, an alternative to Paypal

Search for:




recent Comments

PatD on BREAKING: Hungary Preparing To Prosecute Nazi Collaborator George Soros For NAZI War Crimes And MurdersStaff Sgt Chaos on BREAKING: Hungary Preparing To Prosecute Nazi Collaborator George Soros For NAZI War Crimes And MurdersStaff Sgt Chaos on BREAKING: Hungary Preparing To Prosecute Nazi Collaborator George Soros For NAZI War Crimes And MurdersStaff Sgt Chaos on BREAKING: Hungary Preparing To Prosecute Nazi Collaborator George Soros For NAZI War Crimes And MurdersJanD on The Greatest Ripoff in American History: Democrats Spent $100 Billion of Your Money on Climate Hoax 


Fund The Fight
We all need heroes.  Donate Monthly
Choose your subscription level






Subscriber : $18.00 USD - monthly
Contributor : $36.00 USD - monthly
Patron : $50.00 USD - monthly
Silver member : $100.00 USD - monthly
Gold member : $250.00 USD - monthly
Platinum member : $500.00 USD - monthly








books & Movies
By Pamela Geller





It is the conflict of our age, yet no one dares talk about it. The true story of the Islamic Supremacist war on free speech as told by those on the front lines fighting for our First Amendment rights,
					.
				
Buy Now





Pamela Geller tells her own story of how she became one of the world's foremost activists for the freedom of speech,
					individual rights, and equality of rights for all. "It's my story, it's what happens when someone fights for freedom in America today,"
					Geller explained.
				
Buy Now





Today Islamic supremacists are demanding more accommodation of Islamic principles
					and practices than ever, and daily growing more aggressive in eroding our freedoms – with politically
					correct public officials only too happy..
				
Buy Now





Popular conservative blogger Pamela Geller and New York Times bestselling author
					Robert Spencer sound a wake-up call for Americans to stop the Obama administration from limiting our
					hard-won...
				
Buy Now





The Ground Zero Mosque: The Second Wave of the 9/11 Attacks is a groundbreaking documentary on the controversy
                    over the planned Islamic supremacist mega-mosque at Ground Zero.
                
Buy Now



must See Video




VIDEO: Pamela Geller Discussing Massive Corruption in the FBI on OAN 

 








Explore

About
Articles
Books
Notable Quotables
Archive
Press
Contact
Disclaimer
Privacy Policy
 





Connect





































Subscribe To Our Newsletter

 




Copyright © 2023 Geller Report 

Geller Report

















Thanks for sharing!Thanks for sharing!
We invite you to become a Geller Report insider. Sign up for our free email newsletter, get the news the media won't cover.







