





The Response to Coronavirus is the New World Order / Agenda 21


























































































 





































  

















Home
ForumNew Forum Home
Login
Register

News
Health
Control
Cosmos
Spirituality
Forbidden History
Conspiracy
Finance
Documentaries
 








Home
ForumNew

Forum Home
Login
Register


News
Health
Control
Cosmos
Spirituality
Forbidden History
Conspiracy
Finance
Documentaries
 






 











 


Agenda 2030ControlCoronavirusDocumentariesFalse FlagsNWO 
The Response to Coronavirus is the New World Order / Agenda 21 
HAFApril 1, 2020 
  
(I will continue to update this article, so please make sure to bookmark it or revisit it).
So, do you want to know what’s really going on? Why a flu virus is being used as an excuse to destroy the world’s economies and take away our liberties? 
Why the MSM is telling us that things are never going back to how they used to be, and that this is the “new normal”? Why the powers that shouldn’t be push so viciously for “social distancing“?
Why they want us all to reduce our circles of friends by 75% and isolate from one another? Why they want to criminalize gatherings?
Why they want us to stop using cash? Why they want to introduce digital money and a universal basic income? 
OK, then you have to watch this (We’re Living the 12 Monkeys):
﻿﻿
Massive updates below:
1. Event 201 is a high-level pandemic exercise hosted by the Johns Hopkins Center for Health Security in partnership with the World Economic Forum and the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation.
This is extremely fascinating because this pandemic simulation exercise of coronavirus took place about 6 weeks before the first illness from the coronavirus was actually reported in Wuhan, China.
That is one hell of a coincidence if you believe in that sort of thing.
Another fascinating connection is the fact that not only did the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation participate in and help set up the pandemic simulation of a coronavirus outbreak, but they just so happen to fund the group who owns the patent to the deadly coronavirus and are already working on a jjab to solve the current crisis.

Again, an incredible coincidence! – Continue reading

This is the original video (it’s probably not going to be up for much longer, or, at the very least, the comment section is going to be closed):

I’ve print-screened some of the comments (the comments sections is now closed, just I have predicted):

>>> Continue reading
2. This is way beyond the realm of coincidence!
The Chinese Government ALSO ran a drill or exercise on September 18th, 2019, in Wuhan, where they simulated a response for … a novel coronavirus strain!
What are the chances of the Chinese authorities randomly choosing to practice for a coronavirus entering their country, given the thousands of pathogens and diseases they could have practiced for?
This drill was held exactly 30 days before the key date of October 18th, 2019 – the same date when the Wuhan Military Games began and also the very same date when Event 201 (Big Pharma, Billy Boy, China’s CDC, America’s CDC, etc.) was held in the USA which was also simulating a ‘fictional’ scenario of how to handle a coronavirus epidemic.
>>> Continue reading
3. Sign That Says ‘Hospital Disaster Drill In Progress’, While Citizens Walk Into EMPTY Hospitals And Testing Centers (While MSM Lies They Are Overwhelmed):
(Removed by YT and replaced with similar video):
﻿﻿
4. In response to coronavirus, Billy Boy, one of the world’s most sinister people, wants you to have certificates for vaccination or ‘recovered person’ to allow you to travel (and eventually have the info on a microchip ‘tattoo’):

5. The PRE PLANNED Global Response To COVID-19 And The ENDGAME Agenda EXPOSED With James Corbett:

6. Renowned German Pulmonologist Questions Coronavirus Measures:

7. Renowned Microbiology Specialist On Why He Believes Coronavirus Measures Are “Draconian”:

8. Stop the Fear-Mongering! 12 Medical Experts Questioning the Coronavirus Panic
9. According to this report:

The median age is 80.5 years (79.5 for men, 83.7 for women).
10% of the deceased was over 90 years old; 90% of the deceased was over 70 years old.
Only 0.8% of the deceased had no pre-existing chronic illnesses.
Approximately 75% of the deceased had two or more pre-existing conditions, 50% had three more pre-existing conditions, in particular heart disease, diabetes and cancer.
Five of the deceased were between 31 and 39 years old, all of them with serious pre-existing health conditions (e.g. cancer or heart disease).
The National Health Institute hasn’t yet determined what the patients examined ultimately died of and refers to them in general terms as Covid19-positive deaths.

Consider what these statistics mean, especially the third and final point together, followed to their logical conclusion.
99.2% of Italian Covid19-related deaths were already sick with something else, and the ISS hasn’t actually determined they died of Covid19 at all.
That’s shocking. Especially when paired with the reports that the test kits can produce false positives. – Source
10. COVID-19 Case Fatality Rate “May Be Considerably Less Than 1%” – Dr. Anthony Fauci
11. Dr. Ron Paul On Coronavirus Panic: The Real Danger ‘Is The Government’s Overreaction’
12. MSM: ‘Social Distancing’ is the ‘New Normal’ and Here to Stay Even After the Crisis
13. Digital Dollar A-Coming: Draft Bills Mention New US Central Bank Digital Currency
The Digital Dollar is no longer just a concept that alternative reporters and conspiracy researchers have been warning about. It has taken a big step to becoming a reality.
This is just more proof that the coronavirus crisis is being exploited to push forward all sorts of NWO (New World Order) agendas that have been waiting in the wings for the right moment to be rolled out. – Continue reading
14. Get Ready For Potential Bitcoin And Freedom Killer: IMF To Launch A Global Currency
15. UK Downgrades COVID-19 – No Longer a High Consequence Infectious Disease
Where is the media roar all over the world — blasting out the news that the UK government no longer considers COVID an existential threat to all life on Earth?
No giant headlines indicating that the dominos are now starting to fall in another direction — away from sheer suicidal insanity?
Oh, that’s right, it’s the MEDIA.

“As of 19 March 2020, COVID-19 is no longer considered to be a high consequence infectious diseases (HCID) in the UK.” 

>>> Continue reading
16. Former UK Prime Minister Calls For Global Government to Fight Coronavirus
Former Prime Minister of the UK Gordon Brown has called on world leaders to create “a temporary form of global government” to fight the coronavirus outbreak.  – Continue reading
17. US Secretary of State Mike Pompeo Calls the COVID-19 Pandemic a ‘Live Exercise’ – Trump Responds ‘You Should Have Let Us Know’
US Secretary of State Mike Pompeo Calls the COVID-19 Pandemic a ‘Live Exercise’ – Trump Responds ‘You Should Have Let Us Know’
We are in the midst of a live exercise according to US Secretary of State and former CIA head Mike Pompeo, who only a year ago openly boasted that “we lied, cheat and stole.”
Pompeo admitted on CNN that “we’re in a live exercise here” when referring to COVID-19 during a press conference. This is yet more evidence that the entire coronavirus crisis has been scripted, planned for and orchestrated.
The language that Pompeo used – “live exercise” – is eerily reminiscent of language used in false flag operations when the exercise or drill “went live”, i.e. when the very scenario that the authorities were planning for actually happened (see 9/11, 7/7 and numerous US mass shootings) as they were in the middle of their exercise.
Trump says: “You should have let us know.”

>>> Continue reading
18. Jeremy Corbyn’s Brother Claims Billy Boy and George Soros Are Behind Coronavirus
He wrote:
‘THE CV PANDEMIC WAS SIMULATED OCT 2019 BY MEGA-RICH CONTROL FREAKS BILL GATES, GEORGE SOROS +CRONIES. NOW IT’S FOR REAL.
‘THE AIM IS A WORLD POPULATION CULL (“PEOPLE cause #CO2 problem”) by THEIR mass VACCINATION PLAN CONTAINING POISON.
*REFUSE*CV*VACCINE*.’

THE CV PANDEMIC WAS SIMULATED OCT 2019 BY MEGA-RICH CONTROL FREAKS BILL GATES, GEORGE SOROS +CRONIES.NOW IT'S FOR REAL.THE AIM IS A WORLD POPULATION CULL ("PEOPLE cause #CO2 problem") by THEIR mass VACCINATION PLAN CONTAINING POISON.
*REFUSE*CV*VACCINE*https://t.co/uv0A4B5rNP
— Piers Corbyn (@Piers_Corbyn) March 16, 2020

>>> Continue reading
19. Rockefeller Blueprint For Police State Triggered By Pandemic Exposed
Currently the world is in the midst of a global health pandemic, or so we are told. We have been covering all of the events which have preceded the coronavirus outbreak that suggest we are not being told the entire story.
This list includes Event 201, the coronavirus pandemic simulation which preceded the first reports of the outbreak by six weeks.
The World Military Games, which held its opening ceremonies in Wuhan China aka ground zero of the outbreak on the same day as Event 201. Nearly 10k military athletes from 110 nations were all in Wuhan, just before the outbreak.

>>> Continue reading
20. Billy Boy: In Response to Coronavirus, Everyone Will Have to Vaccinate In Order to Travel
In response to coronavirus, Billy Boy, one of the world’s most sinister people, wants you to have certificates for vaccination or ‘recovered person’ to allow you to travel (and eventually have the info on a microchip ‘tattoo’):

21. Billy Boy Just Reveal the Reason Behind the Lock-Downs
In a recent candid interview, Billy Boy outlined that, despite the comparatively small threat of Coronavirus, he and his colleagues “don’t want a lot of recovered people” who have acquired natural immunity. They instead are hoping we become reliant on jjabs and anti-viral medication.
Shockingly, Gates also suggests people be made to have a digital ID showing their vaccination status, and that people without this “digital immunity proof” would not be allowed to travel.
Such an approach would mean very big money for jjab producers.
>>> Continue reading
22. Henry Kissinger Says the Solution to Coronavirus is the New World Order
Henry Kissinger, eminence grise of imperial US foreign policy, has warned in an op-ed that no government – even his beloved hegemon – can defeat Covid-19 alone, implying that the New World Order he’s always preached must follow.
>>> Continue reading
23. Former Supreme Court Justice: ‘This is What a Police State is Like’
The former Supreme Court Justice Jonathan Sumption, QC, has denounced the police response to the coronavirus, saying the country is suffering ‘collective hysteria’.
>>> Continue reading
24. Draconian Lockdown Powers: It’s a Slippery Slope from Handwashing to House Arrest
25. Henry Kissinger & Billy Boy Call For Mass jjabing & Global Governance

 
Continue to the original article:
From Truthstream Media:
It is as if we went to sleep one night and woke up in Terry Gilliam’s dystopic viral film “12 monkeys”. If you haven’t seen that one recently, it’d be great timing to watch it again with fresh eyes.
This entire ordeal we are all living through together has been surreal; most of us have naturally wavered in and out of fear and anxiety, and we don’t know what’s yet be yet to come.
With the headlines constantly flooding in an information overload as this whole scene plays out, it has been difficult just to keep up with events… but alas, a narrative IS emerging.
The New World Order (NWO)
If we could choose one word for it, we would choose “coordinated”. All these emergencies and viral situations certainly appear to be playing into a previously discussed program which would rapidly – and perhaps – irrevocably change society forever.
As this MIT Technology Review article boldly proclaims, “We’re not going back to normal” – instead, works are underway to require even more surveillance and tech-authorization for anything and everything, even controlling for our very right to go into public, and into businesses, attend events and more in the future.
Not just now, while things are reportedly getting worse, but perhaps indefinitely.
This is how THEY see the future… and it isn’t clear just how much choice any of us would have in this future being outlined now.
Of course, the future isn’t written yet, but it is clear that a number of key insiders, and many of the usual suspects, already have a draft-of-the-future in hand, and are attempting to operate from its script. What is being attempted here is like toast – there is no going back to just a piece of bread if this transformation is completed.
It may be time for a change in our society, but we should all be very, very cautious as to what change the public is preparing to accept, rally behind – and even believe wholeheartedly in under the guise of this recent emergency.
Any number of agendas and conspiracies are getting wrapped up in what appears to be a real Godfather “finishing all the family business” moment. This is a major move the likes of which we have never seen, and even the aftermath of 9/11 may stand in pale comparison to the change now being attempted.
It has been four days of editing, and warding off disbelief, shock, and anger over and over again… but something major is happening. Will we say no in time?
We are slowly realizing like a creeping horror this is what we’ve been reporting on all these years and didn’t know it. So many agendas coming together under one giant umbrella. Please share this one. It’s important.

 








High Level Child Rapists Released from Prison Amid COVID-19 Outbreak 
Previous post





Renowned German Pulmonologist Questions Coronavirus Measures 
Next post




Related Articles 





 


ControlMicrochip ImplantWorld Economic Forum


World Economic Forum: There Are ‘Rational’ Reasons to Microchip Your Child
HAFAugust 20, 2022 






 


Artificial Intelligence (A.I.)ControlWorld Economic Forum


World Economic Forum Calls for Merging of Human and AI Intel to Censor ‘Hate Speech’ & ‘Misinformation’
HAFAugust 16, 2022 







 


Agenda 2030World Economic Forum


UN & WEF Are Behind Global War On Farmers
HAFJuly 28, 2022 







 


Agenda 2030World Economic Forum


World Economic Forum Reveals Plan to Block Out the Sun With ‘Space Bubbles’
HAFJuly 26, 2022 


 












Get new posts by email:  Subscribe

Popular Posts this Week



Declassified Document Reveals the US Government Discovered an Ancient Martian Race
Throughout the decades, America’s infamous Central Inte...



The Eulogy of Queen Elizabeth II That You Won’t See On Your TV
Turn on a TV, open a web browser, or scroll social medi...



Journalist Peter Hitchens: Wrecking the Economy and the State-sponsored Panic Killed More People Than Covid
Journalist Peter Hitchens: Wrecking the Economy and the...



Fauci Paid $453K to Make Primates Transgender
Anthony Fauci recently announced he would be stepping d...



George Soros’ Chief Mission is the Downfall of America
Billionaire George Soros is that rare megalomaniac who...



The Encounter of a US Army Officer With Blue-Skinned Andromedans
The number of alien species in the universe is the subj...



World Economic Forum Reveals Plan to Block Out the Sun With ‘Space Bubbles’
In June of 2019, the World Economic Forum — a private g...



World Economic Forum Calls for Merging of Human and AI Intel to Censor ‘Hate Speech’ & ‘Misinformation’
Despite the fact that no one asked, the World Economic...



The War of Inversion: An All-Out Assault Against Humanity
by Jesse Smith There’s a war going on that no one is sa...



Greenpeace Founder Patrick Moore Says Climate Change Based On False Narratives
A series of email exchanges between Greenpeace Founder...



Get new posts by email:  Subscribe





Or donate using cryptocurrency

Categories

5G Dangers

About me

Agenda 2030

Alzheimer's

Archons

Art. in German

Artificial Intelligence (A.I.

Ayahuasca

Big Brother

Big Pharma

Big Tech

Bilderberg

Billy Boy

Black Knight

Brainwashing

Brexit

Caeli Francisco

Cancer

Cashless Agenda

Censorship

Chemtrails

Child Trafficking

Clinton

Cold War 2

Communism

Consciousness

Conspiracy

Contact Tracing

Control

Coronavirus

Cosmos

Crisis Actors

Crop Circles

Crypto News

Crystal Skulls

Cyber Polygon

Cyberattacks

Deep State

Dejan Davchevski

Demonic Possession

Depopulation

Detox

Diabetes

Digital ID

Directed Energy Weapons

Disney

Documentaries

Drag Queen Story Time

DuPont

Ebola

Education

EMP Dangers

Empaths

ETs UFOs

Evil Corporations

Fake News

False Flags

Fasting

Federal Reserve

FEMA

Feminism

Finance

Fluoride

Forbidden History

Free Energy

Free Speech

Free Spirit

Freemasonry

Fukushima

Geoengineering

George Soros

Giants

Global Warming Hoax

GMO

Great Awakening

Great Reset

Green New Deal

Grounding

Guest Writers

HAARP

Healthcare

Hemp

Henry Kissinger

Hollow Earth

ID2020

Illuminati

Immunity Passports

Inspiration

Inspirational Public Figures

Internet of Things

Jeffrey Epstein

JFK

Julian Websdale

Julie Alexander

Khali Carol

Laura Jane

Lisa Morris

Lucy Alvet

Makia Freeman

Mandela Effect

Mari A. Raphael

Mark Nestmann

Mass Formation Psychosis

Medical Kidnapping

Meditation

Michael Martin

Microchip Implant

Migrant Crisis

Mind Control

Monsanto

MSM

Mysteries

News

Nikola Tesla

Nuclear Hazard

NWO

Occult Knowledge

OOPArt

Orwellian Wrongthink

Papal Bloodlines

PhD Anonymous

Pienaar Arno

Pineal Gland

Planet X

Planned Parenthood

Pole Shift

Police State

Political Correctness

Pollution

Pornification & Sexualization

Preppers

Project MKUltra

Propaganda

Pyramids

Q and A

Quotes

Racism

Recent Articles

Reincarnation

Religion

Rene’ Descartes

Richard Hoyle

Rockefeller

Rothschild

Sacred Geometry

Sacred Water

Satanism

Satanist Pedophiles

Science

Secret Societies

Secret Space Program

Sexualizing children

SJW

Smart Dust

Smart Meters

Social Credit Score

Spirituality

Sponsor Books

Stephanie MacDonald

Strange Murders

Subscribe

Sun-gazing

Sustainable Housing

Symbolism

Synchronicity

Technocracy

The Anunnaki

The Bush Family

The Matrix

The Vatican

Time Travel

Transgender Agenda

Transhumanism

TROLLS

Tyranny

Uncategorized

Universal Basic Income

Videos

Voting is Rigged

W.H.O.

War

War on Cash

War on Children

War on Drugs

War on Food

Weather Terrorism

Wi-Fi Dangers

Wisdom

World Economic Forum

WTC (9/11

Zephyr Prayers

Zika Virus

Zionism

Zodiac




 










This Month's Most Read



Declassified Document Reveals the US Government Discovered an Ancient Martian Race



George Soros’ Chief Mission is the Downfall of America



Fauci Paid $453K to Make Primates Transgender



 

Most Recent Posts




Swedish Government Grants $175,000 to Fund Drag Queen Shows for Children
4:00 AM




Reporter Uncovers Manson Family Connections to CIA’s MK Ultra Mind Control and Hollywood Child Trafficking
3:00 AM




Austin, TX: Pro-LGBTQP Curriculum Will Teach Third-graders How to Have Anal Sex (Public Education Becomes Pedophilia Indoctrination)
2:00 AM




460,000 Missing Children in the USA Each Year — While the Entire Dinosaur Media Protects Pedophiles
4:00 AM




New Book Exposes Obama’s Youth: He Considered a Gay Fling, Had COCAINE With a White Girl, Proposed Twice to Another, and CHEATED on Michelle Before They Married
3:00 AM




11,000 Scientists Sign Paper: Humans Are Bad Because They Eat Meat and Engage in Transportation
2:00 AM




Saying “It’s Okay to be White” is Now Considered a HATE CRIME in America
4:00 AM




When Alt Media Was Exposing Epstein, ABC & MSM Was Covering it Up — Who’s the Real Fake News?
3:00 AM




Google Search: Organic Products Are “A Lie”, GMOs Are “Good for You” and Supplements Are “Scams” in Latest Anti-health Search Manipulation
2:00 AM




What You Think is Controlled by What You Watch, and What You Watch is Controlled by the Elite
4:00 AM


 






Subscribe for daily articles:






Search Entire Site


 







© Copyright 2020 Humans Are Free. Creative Commons License. 

Home
Contact Us
Authors and Writers
Privacy policy
Dark Mode
 




























