


















































Globalists are Ready to Poison Our Food and Water With Vaccines and Nano-Bots. 10 Secret Things You Didn’t Know About Nano Entities. by Celeste Solum | Agenda 21 | Before It's News



















You're using an Ad-Blocker.
BeforeItsNews only exists through ads.We ask all patriots who appreciate the evil we expose and want to
help us savage the NWO with more Truth to disable your ad-blocker on our site only so we can grow and expose more evil!Funding
gives us more weapons! Thank you patriots! Oh and If you disable the Ad-blocker - on your deathbed you will receive total
consciousness. So you got that going for you...which is nice!



Disable
Dismiss




 
Before It's News











Featured |
Economy |
Health |
Beyond Science |
Power of Belief |
Sustainable Living|
Inspiration |
Live |
Video |
Top 50 |
Most Recent |
Shopping |
Categories









Read the Beforeitsnews.com story here.
Advertise at Before It's News here.








By @OratorBlog Information Warrior

Contributor profile |
More stories







Story Views



Now:



Last hour:



Last 24 hours:



Total:












Globalists are Ready to Poison Our Food and Water With Vaccines and Nano-Bots. 10 Secret Things You Didn’t Know About Nano Entities. by Celeste Solum


Sunday, October 31, 2021 5:04 






% of readers think this story is Fact. Add your two cents.

























Globalists are Ready to Poison Our Food and Water with Vaccines and Nano-Bots.
10 Secret Things You Didn’t Know About Nano Entities. by Celeste Solum
GLOBALISTS ARE READY TO PLAY GOD WITH OUR LIVES
KLAUS SCWAB IS PLANNING TO FORCE US TO EAT AND DRINK CONTAMINATED FOOD AND WATER LACED WITH mRNA AND NANO-BOTS
By Placing a chock Hold on Our Food Supply Chain, They Can Force us to Eat Their Evil Transhuman Nano-Bots. 






THIS IS NO JOKE. RISE UP NOW AND TAKE BACK CONTROL OVER OUR FOOD PRODUCTION OE WE ARE ALL DOOMED TO LIVE IN THEIR SICK TRANSHUMAN HELL ON EARTH
10 Secret Things You Didn’t Know About Nano Entities. by Celeste Solum
 
Integration of nanomaterials into the entire food supply.
Installation of AI nanomaterials for agro-food inspection.
Hybrid probes installed into foods that insert platforms into your body.
Injection of nanobodies into your food. (Continued below) 






Alex Jones InfoWars:

EMERGENCY SATURDAY BROADCAST.   PLAN TO SPRAY MAGNETIC NANOPARTICLES ON GLOBAL FOOD SUPPLY ANNOUNCED

The World Economic Forum informed us that our food supply was going to be disrupted, beginning last year. Agro-food safety inspection is going high tech with newly constructed hybrid micro/nanoentities. Yes, you read that correctly, hybrid micro/nanoentities.  And these nanoentities are not only going into the food supply but also pharmaceutical products. 
For purposes of this article, nanoentities are self-associated aggregates that group together to provide a solid lattice framework.

These entities are not merely physical surveillance arrays but include multi-dimensional aspects that I will be discussing in another article.

Described below are some of the entity names that you will see soon at your local grocery store, fulfilling the World Economic Forum’s promise to entirely disrupt the global food supply
ENTITY NAMES
Molecular Imprinting Polymers integrated with Quantum Dots ([email protected])
What is this?

Advanced tools for cell imaging are of great interest for the detection, localization, and quantification of molecular biomarkers for infection. It is a novel photo polymerization method to coat quantum dots (QDs) with polymer shells (in particular, molecular imprinting polymers (MIPs)), by using the visible light emitted from QDs to install a surveillance platform into food and your body.Molecular Imprinting Polymers Integrated with Upconversion Luminescent Nanoparticles ([email protected])

What is this?
The UCNPs are luminescent nanoparticles (NPs) that are doped, yes doped, with dyed silica, rare earth ions, and fluorescent QDs, providing an amazing array suite for food as it goes through its entire cycle (fork, food, body) for sensing and imaging in analytical chemistry, bioanalytical chemistry, biomedical engineering, and environmental science.
Upconversion Luminescent Nanoparticles Combined with Metal–Organic Frameworks ([email protected])

What is this?
Metal-organic frameworks (MOFs) are a class of porous materials prepared by the self-assembly of metal ions or clusters with organic ligands. They are tunable (i.e., controllable), meaning they have the power to regulate things such as dispensing of nutrition of food products to comply with international mandates.  These metal ions form nodes that yolk together repeating cage-like structures, creating a fusion of biological life with machine.
Magnetic Metal–Organic Frameworks ([email protected])

What is this?
Nano-sized metal-organic frameworks (MOFs) forming the foundation for magnetic core-shell nanoparticles (NPs) has been designed for targeted drug delivery engineered from a toxin released from cyanobacteria (blue-green algae).
Magnetic Covalent–Organic Frameworks ([email protected])

What is this?
Magnetic covalent organic frameworks ([email protected]) with core-shell structures were fabricated at room temperature and used as an adsorbent for magnetic extraction of polar endocrine-disrupting phenols and for sensing food in the human or animal body.  The synthesis process is a temperature-controlled, reversible reaction that precisely controls the geometry, function, and stereo-orientation of food products.
Covalent–Organic Frameworks Doped with Quantum Dots ([email protected])

What is this?
Quantum–dot–doped covalent organic frameworks (COF) in a molecularly imprinted network (QD-doped [email protected]) were developed for detection of Nereistoxin (NRT)-related insecticides in tap water.
Nereistoxin is a poison produced by organisms belonging to the Tetraodontiformes order, which includes the puffer fish, ocean sunfish, and porcupine fish.
Once these systems are integrated into the food supply, various imaging tools can be used to surveil the food supply and your consumption of food.

Integrating these sensory arrays will require various disciplines, such as material science, nanotechnology, and analytical methodology, to address new challenges that emerge in agro-food research fields.  This will translate into higher food prices to cover implementation of these “food-safety” systems. 

Once installed into the food system, no single sensory technology can detect the full range of nano-entities, as each technology has its own advantages and limitations.
BOTTOM LINE
The bottom line is that expensive surveillance system platforms (frameworks) are being integrated into the food supply, thereby causing food prices to skyrocket, while your access to food will plummet.
Food for thought,

CelesteSource:https://pubs.acs.org/doi/10.1021/acs.jafc.1c05185?
 
https://shepherdsheart.life/blogs/news/10-secret-things-you-didnt-know-about-nano-entities
 

















Before It’s News® is a community of individuals who report on what’s going on around them, from all around the world.
Anyone can join.
Anyone can contribute.
Anyone can become informed about their world.
"United We Stand" Click Here To Create Your Personal Citizen Journalist
Account Today, Be Sure To Invite Your Friends.


Please Help Support BeforeitsNews by trying our Natural Health Products below!Order by Phone at 888-809-8385 or online at https://mitocopper.com M - F 9am to 5pm ESTOrder by Phone at 866-388-7003 or online at https://www.herbanomic.com M - F 9am to 5pm ESTOrder by Phone at 866-388-7003 or online at https://www.herbanomics.com M - F 9am to 5pm ESTHumic & Fulvic Trace Minerals Complex - Nature's most important supplement! Vivid Dreams again!HNEX HydroNano EXtracellular Water - Improve immune system health and reduce inflammation.Ultimate Clinical Potency Curcumin - Natural pain relief, reduce inflammation and so much more.MitoCopper - Bioavailable Copper destroys pathogens and gives you more energy. (See Blood Video)Oxy Powder - Natural Colon Cleanser!  Cleans out toxic buildup with oxygen!Nascent Iodine - Promotes detoxification, mental focus and thyroid health.Smart Meter Cover -  Reduces Smart Meter radiation by 96%! (See Video). 


















Related Stories

 












Comments
 Click here to cancel reply.

Your Comments


































Total 4 comments







raburgeson 

Why call the entities? They proliferate by using your bodies chemical and biological material. That is the very definition of a parasite.




Oct 31, 2021, 6:32 am 








0
Reply 







kilroy 

What do you mean getting ready? Fluoride is a known neuro toxin and a waste product of aluminum manufacturing that use to have to be stored in a secure storage location. Now they put it in your drinking water and tell you it is good for your teeth. This is the same poison the Nazi forced onto their concentration camp victims in the war.




Oct 31, 2021, 10:56 am 








0
Reply 







Slimey 

Oh gawd. Don’t tell me we have to go backwards in time with our own farms, our own soaps, our own clothes-making, our own cattle, sheep, and milk?
Is that their goal?  




Oct 31, 2021, 2:16 pm 








0
Reply 







LonePatriot1 

The ongoing COVID-19 nonsense here in the United States exists solely and exclusively because our governments have failed to use the correct treatment. They used so-called “vaccines” when Japan has just proven, in less than ONE MONTH, that Ivermectin can wipe out the disease. IVM was awarded the Nobel prize for medicine in 2015. One of the 3 most important drugs in human history: Aspirin, Penicillin, and Ivermectin. Get your Ivermectin today while you still can! https://health.p0l.org




Oct 31, 2021, 4:47 pm 








0
Reply 














MOST RECENT











Load more ...









HELP KEEP NEWS FREE
DONATE HERE


OLD VERSION


FORUM








Online:



Visits:
1,467,937,070


Stories:
7,870,755





Wanted: Citizen Reporters,Whistler Blowers, Insiders
CLICK HERE TO UPLOAD NEWS!




God's Word - Ezekiel Chapter 11 Listen to God's Word on Youtube! Donate to Share God's Word!













Loading... 





"Not by might, nor by power, but by my spirit, saith the Lord of hosts." Zechariah 4:6


BEFORE IT'S NEWS ON TELEGRAM
GET THE TELEGRAM APP - https://telegram.org/
JOIN OUR CHANNEL - https://t.me/BeforeitsNews


Read it..
BEFORE IT'S NEWS
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER



Submit




Today's Top Stories

Situation Update - America On The Brink! Deep State Continues To Trigger WW3! White Hats Plan For The Final Takedown! Coming Zombie Apocalypse! - We The People NewsNew Roseanne Barr and Alex Jones Interview! March 2023 Saturday SpecialGet Out Now! - Federal Emergency - 10 States - "Super Dangerous" - Patrick Humphrey NewsTrump Puts The DeepState On Notice - Media Scrambling - Its The End Of The World As They've Known It!Walls Are Beginning To Collapse Around These Evil People! Biden Declared War Against We The People! - On The FringeNew Patriot Underground & Ben Fulford Intel: CFR & Distraction Wars - Underground Truth Accelerating - Giza, Soledar & Bakhmut - Taiwan Invasion Prep - China Boosts Semi-Conductor ChipPresidential Alert! Biden Administration Now Orders Total Lockdown! Constitution In Abeyyance! New Benjamin Fulford on Fake Pandemics and System ResetBombshell: FOIA Documents Reveal COVID Pandemic Was a DOD Operation Dating Back to Obama! - 'Pfizer' Caught Admitting "Babies Died During the 'mRNA' COVID-19 Vaccine Trials- Gates Foundation Insider Admits...A Massive Bank Run Threatens to Crash a Major Bank as They Desperately Try to Avoid Insolvency! - Must Video 










Loading... 


 


Featured

March 5 - Bank Run at Credit Suisse - Lehman Redux?Conversation with Linda M HoweFool Has Had 9 COVID Shots and Is in Chemo Trying to Stay Alive...Good Luck With That One.(Video) Best & Taylor (03042023): NIGHT SHADOWS -- Perhaps Soiled Diapers Make for Angry Babies Who Have Nuclear MatchesIllinois State Gestapo Goons - Never Trust the Police They Are Not Your Friend (Video) Charlie Ward: Situation Update and Intel with Jason Q (Video) Marines “Unalive” Clinton Clones in New York and San Diego (Video) Help JFK Jr. Raise 'Relief Funding for the Victims' of 'The Ohio Terrorist Attack' by the Deep State Cabal (Video) Unplanned Flat Earth DebateGaslighting: “Conspiracy Theories” Already Proven True in 2023 










Loading... 


 


Top Global

Ban mRNA Shots!, Real Black History, New COVID Ad, Space Facts, Amazon Kills, the Fetzer Boogie (Video) Charlie Ward: Situation Update and Intel with Jason Q (Video) Humanity’s real enemy – the World Economic Forum.Iran Confirms Acquiring 24 Sukhoi Su-35 Fighters From Russia; Jets To Arrive During Iranian Year In MarchNew Benjamin Fulford March Huge Intel 03-05-23New Melissa Redpill: Trump Retribution CPAC 2023, Final Battle, April Fools, 3-4-23It Is Over Now! This Is Going To Get Ugly! - Full Spectrum SurvivalClownworld News Australia 05/03/2023 "Headlines" Israeli Tanks Open Fire at Syrian ArmyNew Benjamin Fulford on Fake Pandemics and System ResetNew Patriot Underground & Ben Fulford Intel: CFR & Distraction Wars - Underground Truth Accelerating - Giza, Soledar & Bakhmut - Taiwan Invasion Prep - China Boosts Semi-Conductor Chip 









Top Alternative

Ohio Residents Ordered to Stay Inside as Another Train DerailsThe Paranormal Is RealSex indoctrination starts in 5th GradeTrump Puts The DeepState On Notice - Media Scrambling - Its The End Of The World As They've Known It!Trump Sings with J6 Prison choir..Nibiru - Jesus.. 'Repent while I may still be Found', given February 8th, 2023Censor and BAN TikTok? Why the Deep State Wants to Eliminate Your Freedom of Choice!Palestinian/Israeli update 03/04/2023..Israeli forces attack protest against eviction of Palestinian families from homes in Sheikh JarrahFood stamp benefits cut for more than 30 million low-income AmericansThe Sequel to the Fall of the Cabal - Part 17 2021 - The Truth Behind Vaccines 



 






SignUp
Login






About | Advertise With Us | FAQ | Contact
| Privacy | Terms of Service
| Copyright Notification | RSS Subscribe | Widgets
Portions copyright © 2023 NSearch Technology, Inc., All Rights Reserved.Before It's News® is a registered Service Mark of NSearch Technology,
Inc..



Newsletter
Email this story
Email this story








If you really want to ban this commenter, please write down the reason:




If you really want to disable all recommended stories, click on OK button. After that, you will be redirect to your options page.







