


















































Military Continues Child Rescue Out of Underground Tunnels Across the Globe | Politics | Before It's News



















You're using an Ad-Blocker.
BeforeItsNews only exists through ads.We ask all patriots who appreciate the evil we expose and want to
help us savage the NWO with more Truth to disable your ad-blocker on our site only so we can grow and expose more evil!Funding
gives us more weapons! Thank you patriots! Oh and If you disable the Ad-blocker - on your deathbed you will receive total
consciousness. So you got that going for you...which is nice!



Disable
Dismiss




 
Before It's News











Featured |
Economy |
Health |
Beyond Science |
Power of Belief |
Sustainable Living|
Inspiration |
Live |
Video |
Top 50 |
Most Recent |
Shopping |
Categories









Read the Beforeitsnews.com story here.
Advertise at Before It's News here.








By Judy Byington

Contributor profile |
More stories







Story Views



Now:



Last hour:



Last 24 hours:



Total:












Military Continues Child Rescue Out of Underground Tunnels Across the Globe


Tuesday, September 8, 2020 0:25 






% of readers think this story is Fact. Add your two cents.
























Tortured, malnourished children and corpses in the tens of thousands have been found in a sophisticated network of Deep Underground Military Bases (DUMBS) that ran beneath the US, Canada, Mexico, Australia, Asia and across Europe. For over a year US Special Forces had been in training for the rescue missions which began on Oct. 16 2019 with the rescue of over 2,100 caged babies and children beneath the China Lake Navy facility in California.
Children were held in cages for human experiments, organ harvesting, tortuous mind control, sexual exploitation, Adrenachrome production (drinking the blood of a traumatized child was believed to stop aging and produced a “high”) and child sacrifice rites in honor of Satan.
The vast child rescue missions across the globe were headed by President Trump, the Pentagon Pedophile Task Force, US Special Forces and Marines in cooperation with Interpol, and various nations’ special military forces. They included arrests of pedophile perpetrators and destruction of the underground tunnels and bases through bombs that caused minor earthquakes. On Sun. 6 Sept. a huge tunnel in the Philippines was destroyed – accompanied by an earthquake.
The infamous pedophile Jeffrey Epstein’s sidekick Ghislaine Maxwell has been testifying in order to save her own life, against global government leaders, royals and corporate heads involved in the global tunnel network. This has resulted in thousands being arrested around the world for treason, pedophilia, child trafficking, money laundering and Obstruction of Justice. Children continued to be rescued globally as Maxwell has given up info on where they have been held, abused and ritually killed.
It was believed that since at least the end of World War II, the DUMBS had been financed, built and run by members of the illuminati, Deep State, or Cabal using US taxpayer dollars funneled through a CIA Black budget. Although, deeper tunnels were found to exist that were ancient in origin. DUMBS Part Two: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-cogTtoYz-A 






Map of US DUMBS: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7XFezTn2C6Y&feature=youtu.be
Over 50,000 traumatized or deceased children have been recovered from underground tunnels running beneath US cities. The Australian military recently discovered over 300,000 tortured children in underground Melbourne tunnels and it was estimated that in the next couple of weeks, over a million children would be brought out of a network that circled beneath Australia.
An international child trafficking ring run by the Vatican and funded by the CIA appeared to account for thousands of children who went missing every year. Children were stolen to the order of global and political elites in both the US and UK by well known organizations including some state Protective Services namely in Arizona and California. UNICEF, NATO, many children’s charities in Africa and those out of Hollywood were believed to kidnap and torture children using the sophisticated tunnel network.
This child kidnapping network was discovered after thousands of abused and tortured children were found and rescued out of tunnels running through New York and Los Angeles. Under disguise of the first Covid-19 “pandemic” the children were treated on the USNS Comfort Hospital Ship in the New York Harbor and the USNS Mercy Hospital Ship off the coast in California. The UN in New York and Century City in LA, both under control of the Council of Foreign Relations, were known breeding grounds for avowed Satanists who practiced Child Sacrifice.
Charlie Ward, a professional gold mover for the US Treasury who had been in a couple of the tunnels, said, “The child rescue operations have moved in earnest in Nevada… what was amazing is that everyone was thinking Las Vegas would be the horror show of horror shows… there was a horror show but it was Reno… underneath Reno they could not believe the tunnels underneath the ground… the DUMBs…This last one in Reno, and we’re only talking 7-days ago (recorded on 17 May 2020). The Cabal knows this is coming down… so the bulk of the children found in the tunnels under Reno were dead… not only dead folks, they were mangled… They’ve had to go through… they’re trying to do DNA testing to get the pieces back in order… which piece belongs to which other torso. It’s horrific.” 






Special Ops went into Melbourne and found another layer beneath an already enormous tunnel system. This second tunnel started in Sydney and went in a web-like ring around Australia, with a big central line running toward Ayers Rock. One night 9 p.m. to 6 or 7 a.m. there were reported explosions, like earthquakes, every 2 or 3 seconds at Ayers.
Charlie Freak said, “When the American Marines first arrived they went to New Zealand. They brought the Army Corps of Engineers with them. They’re giving tips and different things to help people being underground. Being in these deep underground bases has a profound effect upon especially the brain… so you begin to see things… false/positives false/negatives… that are there and you begin to dismiss things that are there… so it’s very confusing down in these tunnels… they have to make sure they’re not shooting at one another…You can lose your bearings underground so quickly. So when the Americans went there and they were training the Aussies to be able to do this for themselves… they found a vast tunnel network that went almost around Australia… and then [The Marines] moved on… so the Aussies are doing this…What happened is, they went into Melbourne… they found another layer beneath this enormous tunnel system in Australia… they started in Sydney… they described it to us… think arachnid… it’s a web… and it was below… this one goes all the way… WOW… all they do is dig… BTW that’s why the dependency on oil and gas… because it’s a cover for being constantly underground… So this second tunnel system goes all the way around in a ring around Australia with a big central line running towards Ayers Rock.” A survivor of the Australian VIP Child Sex Ring exposes her perpetrators: https://youtu.be/ZyGTaIrvhgs
A 3 Sept. military report on cleanup of the tunnel network: “DUMB clearance in Australia was estimated at 15%, with massive work still to be done. New Zealand was at 15%, with newly discovered tunnels. Some work has been done in Papua New Guinea. British Isles were estimated 25% cleared, South America 18%. 87,000 have been removed from Germany. Tunnels under the Black Forest were being cleared. Merkel is under house arrest. Gitmo is full. High profile cases are being taken to Greenland. Some are being transferred to FEMA camps. Plans are being made for new holding facilities to be built.”
As Charlie Ward stated on 18 Aug. 2020, “Very simply, if you’re involved with pedophilia it comes with an automatic death sentence unless you cooperate with Trump. If you cooperate with Trump, you’ll get a minimum of a Life Sentence. You step out of line, it goes back to the Death Penalty. And he’s aware of every single one of them. And every single one of them will be arrested and they will be given the choice.”
/politics/2020/08/trump-heads-rescue-of-thousands-of-tortured-children-from-underground-tunnels-3210569.html
/politics/2020/05/thousands-of-tortured-children-rescued-and-found-dead-by-us-military-3187820.html
/politics/2020/04/over-50000-traumatized-children-rescued-by-military-out-of-tunnels-beneath-us-cities-3184076.html
/crime-all-stars/2020/04/over-35000-malnourished-caged-children-rescued-out-of-us-tunnels-by-military-2479402.html
/politics/2019/10/marines-navy-seals-rescue-2100-caged-children-teens-3144359.html

















Before It’s News® is a community of individuals who report on what’s going on around them, from all around the world.
Anyone can join.
Anyone can contribute.
Anyone can become informed about their world.
"United We Stand" Click Here To Create Your Personal Citizen Journalist
Account Today, Be Sure To Invite Your Friends.


Please Help Support BeforeitsNews by trying our Natural Health Products below!Order by Phone at 888-809-8385 or online at https://mitocopper.com M - F 9am to 5pm ESTOrder by Phone at 866-388-7003 or online at https://www.herbanomic.com M - F 9am to 5pm ESTOrder by Phone at 866-388-7003 or online at https://www.herbanomics.com M - F 9am to 5pm ESTHumic & Fulvic Trace Minerals Complex - Nature's most important supplement! Vivid Dreams again!HNEX HydroNano EXtracellular Water - Improve immune system health and reduce inflammation.Ultimate Clinical Potency Curcumin - Natural pain relief, reduce inflammation and so much more.MitoCopper - Bioavailable Copper destroys pathogens and gives you more energy. (See Blood Video)Oxy Powder - Natural Colon Cleanser!  Cleans out toxic buildup with oxygen!Nascent Iodine - Promotes detoxification, mental focus and thyroid health.Smart Meter Cover -  Reduces Smart Meter radiation by 96%! (See Video). 


















Related Stories

 












Comments
 Click here to cancel reply.

Your Comments


































Total 9 comments







YellowRoseTx51 

Thank you for the update. Very appreciated.




Sep 8, 2020, 2:29 pm 








2
Reply 







Equalizer 

Pure satanic evil perpetrated against innocent life. These POS must be hung publicly… Find them and kill them all.




Sep 9, 2020, 2:25 pm 








2
Reply 









Jude 

In this country of the people, by the people, and for the people, we are not supposed to have secret indictments, or secret Courts. No secret sentencing, or secret prisons. So this story is either partially, or completely false, or Trump has encouraged some type of unConstitutional system of justice. The part of the story that may be true is that CPS, in cooperation with various L.E.O.s has snatched some more kids from noncustodial parents and called it rescuing the children. That part of the “child rescue” has been widely reported.




Sep 8, 2020, 7:20 pm 








0
Reply 







JamesinNM 

There are no Constitutional courts remaining in America, only maritime courts. Perfectly appropriate to prosecute them in military court to prevent corrupt unconstitutional maritime courts from repeating the Epstein debacle.




Sep 8, 2020, 9:39 pm 








4
Reply 







Kingfish Stevens 

Not many are aware of the fact that our courts have been courts of commerce for a very long time.




Sep 9, 2020, 10:36 am 








1
Reply 











CyberPsychosis 

This is a rogue graphic content oriented mystery writer with a bunch of loose screws in the head. There are bad things out there, but not on such a wide scale. The demons, however, have been, and continue to operate on such a wide scale. They influence weak hearted people to help carry out the mission of spreading fear and uncertainty. Most of these reports are 100% disinfo, with barely a shred of fact in them, other than names and titles. Whoever this account belongs to, they seem to enjoy the sensitivity of these crimes. A disturbed 12 year old pansexual young boy would fit the bill. Imagine the mental uncertainty that this Covid-19 pandemic will have done brought on by this time next year. There needs to be some good old fashioned heterosexual happily married parents bringing up these children, but with record breaking divorces, and non-heterosexual relationships through adultery and fornication, we will continue to see massive failures in human development on all levels (physical, mental, spiritual etc.). What all is lost, will all be regained through vengeful salvation from Christ Lord, either through fire, force, or pure God emboldened glory.




Sep 9, 2020, 2:01 am 








0
Reply 







Equalizer 

BS




Sep 9, 2020, 2:26 pm 








0
Reply 









Justin Case 

This is complete baloney. Deep Underground MILITARY Bases are staffed with the MILITARY. And as far as I know they are not running a pedo ring…




Sep 9, 2020, 9:55 am 








-2
Reply 







stephanedemers 

Well justin case ,u r not beleiving this ,I will tell u how i was floored ,was on line i think you tube ,anyway ,a lady from australia ,had posted something from the dark web ,not sure if her or some other ,anyway ,i am looking at a huge stack of invoices ,and each one said ,area ,the buisness name ,which ,i recall was ,inc. ,i was scared ,deleted it ,but first saw and read one page ,the areas were dumbs ,that are all on army ,or military in some way ,if ,they were closed ,i not ,but ,a face of a girl ,name ,under was a list of kids names ,date arrivesd ,there temperment ,and nationality ,and then ,date deceased ,followed by ,the amount of adrenochrome harvested ,and quality,this was sickening ,it was a huge global industry ,i ,only looked a bit ,but the girl was so sad ,she was looking for ,names ,and the army bases ,all around the world ,and it she said ,things written ,the african kids ,are the most wanted ,because of the best ,product ,and certain ,parts ,would show ,a vendour on the side of the road ,chip truck ,but in the rear ,circles ,in pen was a huge ,freezer ,for ,ya ,and also ,a person claimed resteraunts ,who have ,rich people ,will need only have the patron ,say a certain key word ,and the sirloin dinner 50 60 $ was 5 600$ ,the huge invoices stacked ,was one area ,times 100s of dumbs ,how ,non human ,but you see ellen ,a week after her supply ,stopped ,and the girl who said on oscar night ,jesus had the least to do with her getting it ,she looked hidious…




Jan 25, 2022, 5:46 pm 








0
Reply 
















MOST RECENT











Load more ...









HELP KEEP NEWS FREE
DONATE HERE


OLD VERSION


FORUM








Online:



Visits:
1,467,763,998


Stories:
7,870,474





Wanted: Citizen Reporters,Whistler Blowers, Insiders
CLICK HERE TO UPLOAD NEWS!




God's Word - Numbers (25-27) Listen to God's Word on Youtube! Donate to Share God's Word!













Loading... 





"Not by might, nor by power, but by my spirit, saith the Lord of hosts." Zechariah 4:6


BEFORE IT'S NEWS ON TELEGRAM
GET THE TELEGRAM APP - https://telegram.org/
JOIN OUR CHANNEL - https://t.me/BeforeitsNews


Read it..
BEFORE IT'S NEWS
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER



Submit




Today's Top Stories

PS: Trump Is 100% Owned by the Khazarian Mafia - Clif High: Release Language Dominant, We're There - Israel Did 9/11 - All the Proof in the World...Derek Johnson With David Nino: Shocking Proof Trump Enacted MIL Continuity!! (Video) At Least 1 Billion Dead or Disabled From CV19 Bioweapon – Dr. Betsy Eads - Technician About Vaccination! One Must Be Unvaccinated as a Technician, or He Would Be Dead!Charlie Ward: Situation Update 3/4/23 - Buckle Up, It's Coming!! (Video) Live President Donald J. Trump Delivers Remarks At CPAC 2023SG Anon Interview With Breaking News To Move Forward & Not Lose Heart! - Meri Crouley Must VideoBreaking News: Massive Explosion In Frederick County, Maryland - US 15 Lane Closed - Houses Engulfed! - The Real GS NewsSomething BIG Is Coming....We're Not Supposed To Show You This! - A Must VideoWalls Are Beginning To Collapse Around These Evil People! Biden Declared War Against We The People! - On The FringeSGT Report - Obama's Puppet's WW3! -Todd Callender & Dr. Lee Vliet - Must Video 










Loading... 


 


Featured

Michael Wallach - The Viral Delusion - Polio, Smallpox, AIDS, SARS-COV2Situation Update - America On The Brink! Deep State Continues To Trigger WW3! White Hats Plan For The Final Takedown! Coming Zombie Apocalypse! - We The People NewsGet Out Now! - Federal Emergency - 10 States - "Super Dangerous" - Patrick Humphrey NewsAlert: Moscow Explosion, Russia Preps for Martial Law, "Worst Market Crash Ever", NK Nuclear Drill! - Canadian PrepperPresident Trump Proposes Building 10 New Cities Across America, We Should Hold a Contest to Charter - The Biggest Corruption of All Time in the EU - All Vaccines, Not...New Roseanne Barr and Alex Jones Interview! March 2023 Saturday SpecialNew Jason Q Intel 3/4/23 - It's All Happening Now!Breaking: Train Derails In Springfield, Ohio! - The Real GS NewsGreg Hunter & Catherine Austin Fitts - Central Bank Digital Currency Prison! - Must VideoNew SGAnon & David Rodriguez: March Intel Update 2023 










Loading... 


 


Top Global

Situation Update - America On The Brink! Deep State Continues To Trigger WW3! White Hats Plan For The Final Takedown! Coming Zombie Apocalypse! - We The People NewsPresident Trump Proposes Building 10 New Cities Across America, We Should Hold a Contest to Charter - The Biggest Corruption of All Time in the EU - All Vaccines, Not...Palestinian/Israeli update 03/04/2023..Israeli forces attack protest against eviction of Palestinian families from homes in Sheikh JarrahAlert: Moscow Explosion, Russia Preps for Martial Law, "Worst Market Crash Ever", NK Nuclear Drill! - Canadian PrepperNew Roseanne Barr and Alex Jones Interview! March 2023 Saturday Special20 Cars of 200-Car Norfolk Southern Train Derail in Springfield - March 2023Presidential Alert! Biden Administration Now Orders Total Lockdown! Constitution In Abeyyance! New Jason Q Intel 3/4/23 - It's All Happening Now!Greg Hunter & Catherine Austin Fitts - Central Bank Digital Currency Prison! - Must VideoNew SGAnon & David Rodriguez: March Intel Update 2023 









Top Alternative

Censor and BAN TikTok? Why the Deep State Wants to Eliminate Your Freedom of Choice!Palestinian/Israeli update 03/04/2023..Israeli forces attack protest against eviction of Palestinian families from homes in Sheikh JarrahFood stamp benefits cut for more than 30 million low-income AmericansThe Sequel to the fall of the Cabal - Part 17 2021 The Truth Behind VaccinesSatanists Celebrate! 30% of Young Women are Suicidal!California: Strange Creature Attacks Man in a Car. What is it?We Are In A Hidden War - Trump Decode 3/4/2023Strange Creature Caught on Tape in Brazil. What is it?Tucker Carlson for March 3rd, 2023 (Plus commentary)Dr Robert Malone on COVID: a manufactured crisis 



 






SignUp
Login






About | Advertise With Us | FAQ | Contact
| Privacy | Terms of Service
| Copyright Notification | RSS Subscribe | Widgets
Portions copyright © 2023 NSearch Technology, Inc., All Rights Reserved.Before It's News® is a registered Service Mark of NSearch Technology,
Inc..



Newsletter
Email this story
Email this story








If you really want to ban this commenter, please write down the reason:




If you really want to disable all recommended stories, click on OK button. After that, you will be redirect to your options page.







