





What is the Mysterious 'Handbag' of the Gods, Depicted in Sumer, America, and Göbekli Tepe?


























































































 





































  

















Home
ForumNew Forum Home
Login
Register

News
Health
Control
Cosmos
Spirituality
Forbidden History
Conspiracy
Finance
Documentaries
 








Home
ForumNew

Forum Home
Login
Register


News
Health
Control
Cosmos
Spirituality
Forbidden History
Conspiracy
Finance
Documentaries
 






 











 


ETs UFOsForbidden HistoryMysteries 
What is the Mysterious ‘Handbag’ of the Gods, Depicted in Sumer, America, and Göbekli Tepe? 
HAFMarch 31, 2021 
  
How is it possible that thousand-year-old depictions of the Anunnaki show the gods carrying a mysterious bag, and halfway around the world we find the same thing depicted by ancient Mesoamerican civilizations?
Depicted by the ancient Sumerian representations of the Anunnaki, the mysterious ‘handbag’ of the Gods is seen in several cultures in America and Göbekli Tepe.

Coincidence?
Compelling evidence — found in the last couple of decades — has proven mankind is a species with amnesia. The countless discoveries made all across the globe has forced us to question everything about the origin of mankind, ancient cultures and history in general.
Slowly and piece by piece, we have been exploring and gathering small pieces of a MASSIVE puzzle that have driven us in the right direction when searching for answers mainstream scholars have not been able to fully answer.
How can you explain the countless similarities among civilizations that inhabited Earth thousands of years ago, which were separated by tens of thousands of kilometers?
Why did nearly all ancient cultures on Earth decide to build Pyramids? And why are so many pyramids eerily similar?
The 10th Sumerian Tablet: The Anunnaki Built The Pyramids
It’s as if nearly all ancient civilizations followed the same blueprint. It’s as if somehow, ancient cultures were interconnected thousands of years ago.
One of the most interesting and mind-boggling enigmas can be traced back to Ancient Mesopotamia — comonly referred to as the Cradle of Civilization — where a mysterious motif has driven many authors to question history as we have been taught.
The ancient Sumerians depicted the Ancient Anunnaki with curious items. Two of the most interesting objects seen in the ancient Sumerian deities were the ‘hand watch’ seen on nearly all depictions, and the mysterious ‘bag’ carried by the Gods.
Curiously, if we travel thousands of kilometers around the globe from Mesopotamia to the Americas, we will find that the ancient Maya, Aztecs and other ancient civilizations utilized the same motif when depicting their deities.
Furthermore, if ew travel to Egypt we will see that the Ankh symbol was also carried around by the gods just as the mystery handbag in ancient Mesopotamia and the Americas.
Why is it that ancient civilizations in America, Egypt, and ancient Mesopotamia depicted their deities carrying a mysterious object in their hand?
Is it possible that all ancient cultures in America, Egypt and Mesopotamia were visited by the same ‘Gods’?
Interestingly, the Ancient Anunnaki were nearly always represented in a humanoid form, even though numerous traits indicate clear differences between the Anunnaki and ordinary humans, the facial features of the Ancient Anunnaki Gods were always well-hidden thanks to the large beards.
Just as the ancient Sumerians depicted their deities in a humanoid form, the Ancient Egyptians and different cultures in the Americas did the same thing.
The obvious question here is why? Why did ancient cultures — separated thousands of kilometers from each other — depict their deities in a nearly identical way?
Furthermore, how is it even possible that the Ancient Sumerians depicted their gods carrying a mysterious bag, and that people halfway across the world did the same thing?
At the archeological site of La Venta, we will find a stone stele depicting the ancient Mesoamerican God Quetzalcoatl, who is curiously holding in his hand the same ‘Bag’ we see in ancient Sumerian depictions.
But this isn’t the only site in Mexico where the curious representation was found.
If we travel to Tula — an important regional center which reached its height as the capital of the Toltec Empire between the fall of Teotihuacan and the rise of Tenochtitlan — we will find their massive ‘Atlantean’ statues, and if we observe closely, we will notice that once again the mysterious handbag is present.
Toltec temple ruins in Tula, Mexico Credit: Pinterest
If we travel to Göbekli Tepe, located on a remote hilltop in southern Turkey we will find the same THING.
Göbekli Tepe is one of the oldest (if not oldest) ancient megalithic temples on our planet.
There, intricate massive stone pillars arranged into a set of rings stand tall and proud telling a millennia-old story when different civilizations ruled the over the planet.
The massive stones were believed to have been carved by Neolithic hunter-gatherers some 12,000 years ago, even though recent evidence points towards the fact that.
The mysterious temple, which consists of three huge stone circles was deliberately buried for an unknown reason in the distant past.
After 13 years of digging, archaeologists investigating the ancient site have failed to recover a single stone-cutting tool.
No one has been able to understand how ancient mankind, which was believed to be incapable of such feasts, erected some of the greatest stone-works on the planet.

Does the presence of the mysterious bag, carried by the gods, indicate that these two cultures connected in a mysterious way?
Why did ancient cultures depict their Gods carrying the mysterious handbag? What was inside it?
And most importantly, how is it even possible that the mysterious handbag is present in different civilizations around the globe — which according to mainstream scholars were never connected?
What if the Ancient Anunnaki—depicted by the Ancient Sumerians — and the Gods who visited the ancient Maya, Aztec, Toltec and Olmec civilizations are in fact the SAME?

What do you think this mysterious bag is meant to represent? Do you think it is just a coincidence that these three sites — and there are more — feature all the same thing?
What could have been carried by the ‘Gods’ that was so important that nearly all ancient cultures had to illustrate it?
Reference: Ancient-Code.com

 








2 Weeks After Media Predicted Catastrophe, Texas Sees COVID Cases Drop to Record Low 
Previous post





WHO Advisor Says Investigation Into COVID Origin Was 'Entirely Inadequate' 
Next post




Related Articles 





 


ETs UFOs


Declassified Document Reveals the US Government Discovered an Ancient Martian Race
HAFOctober 8, 2022 






 


ETs UFOs


The Encounter of a US Army Officer With Blue-Skinned Andromedans
HAFMay 27, 2022 







 


ETs UFOs


UFOs, Men in Black, and Secret Documents: The Strange Death of US Defense Secretary James Forrestal
HAFMay 21, 2022 







 


ETs UFOs


Declassified Document Reveals Shocking Intel: Subterranean Reptilians Killed 15 Coal Miners
HAFMay 15, 2022 


 












Get new posts by email:  Subscribe

Popular Posts this Week



Declassified Document Reveals the US Government Discovered an Ancient Martian Race
Throughout the decades, America’s infamous Central Inte...



Journalist Peter Hitchens: Wrecking the Economy and the State-sponsored Panic Killed More People Than Covid
Journalist Peter Hitchens: Wrecking the Economy and the...



The Eulogy of Queen Elizabeth II That You Won’t See On Your TV
Turn on a TV, open a web browser, or scroll social medi...



Fauci Paid $453K to Make Primates Transgender
Anthony Fauci recently announced he would be stepping d...



George Soros’ Chief Mission is the Downfall of America
Billionaire George Soros is that rare megalomaniac who...



The Encounter of a US Army Officer With Blue-Skinned Andromedans
The number of alien species in the universe is the subj...



World Economic Forum Reveals Plan to Block Out the Sun With ‘Space Bubbles’
In June of 2019, the World Economic Forum — a private g...



World Economic Forum Calls for Merging of Human and AI Intel to Censor ‘Hate Speech’ & ‘Misinformation’
Despite the fact that no one asked, the World Economic...



The War of Inversion: An All-Out Assault Against Humanity
by Jesse Smith There’s a war going on that no one is sa...



Greenpeace Founder Patrick Moore Says Climate Change Based On False Narratives
A series of email exchanges between Greenpeace Founder...



Get new posts by email:  Subscribe





Or donate using cryptocurrency

Categories

5G Dangers

About me

Agenda 2030

Alzheimer's

Archons

Art. in German

Artificial Intelligence (A.I.

Ayahuasca

Big Brother

Big Pharma

Big Tech

Bilderberg

Billy Boy

Black Knight

Brainwashing

Brexit

Caeli Francisco

Cancer

Cashless Agenda

Censorship

Chemtrails

Child Trafficking

Clinton

Cold War 2

Communism

Consciousness

Conspiracy

Contact Tracing

Control

Coronavirus

Cosmos

Crisis Actors

Crop Circles

Crypto News

Crystal Skulls

Cyber Polygon

Cyberattacks

Deep State

Dejan Davchevski

Demonic Possession

Depopulation

Detox

Diabetes

Digital ID

Directed Energy Weapons

Disney

Documentaries

Drag Queen Story Time

DuPont

Ebola

Education

EMP Dangers

Empaths

ETs UFOs

Evil Corporations

Fake News

False Flags

Fasting

Federal Reserve

FEMA

Feminism

Finance

Fluoride

Forbidden History

Free Energy

Free Speech

Free Spirit

Freemasonry

Fukushima

Geoengineering

George Soros

Giants

Global Warming Hoax

GMO

Great Awakening

Great Reset

Green New Deal

Grounding

Guest Writers

HAARP

Healthcare

Hemp

Henry Kissinger

Hollow Earth

ID2020

Illuminati

Immunity Passports

Inspiration

Inspirational Public Figures

Internet of Things

Jeffrey Epstein

JFK

Julian Websdale

Julie Alexander

Khali Carol

Laura Jane

Lisa Morris

Lucy Alvet

Makia Freeman

Mandela Effect

Mari A. Raphael

Mark Nestmann

Mass Formation Psychosis

Medical Kidnapping

Meditation

Michael Martin

Microchip Implant

Migrant Crisis

Mind Control

Monsanto

MSM

Mysteries

News

Nikola Tesla

Nuclear Hazard

NWO

Occult Knowledge

OOPArt

Orwellian Wrongthink

Papal Bloodlines

PhD Anonymous

Pienaar Arno

Pineal Gland

Planet X

Planned Parenthood

Pole Shift

Police State

Political Correctness

Pollution

Pornification & Sexualization

Preppers

Project MKUltra

Propaganda

Pyramids

Q and A

Quotes

Racism

Recent Articles

Reincarnation

Religion

Rene’ Descartes

Richard Hoyle

Rockefeller

Rothschild

Sacred Geometry

Sacred Water

Satanism

Satanist Pedophiles

Science

Secret Societies

Secret Space Program

Sexualizing children

SJW

Smart Dust

Smart Meters

Social Credit Score

Spirituality

Sponsor Books

Stephanie MacDonald

Strange Murders

Subscribe

Sun-gazing

Sustainable Housing

Symbolism

Synchronicity

Technocracy

The Anunnaki

The Bush Family

The Matrix

The Vatican

Time Travel

Transgender Agenda

Transhumanism

TROLLS

Tyranny

Uncategorized

Universal Basic Income

Videos

Voting is Rigged

W.H.O.

War

War on Cash

War on Children

War on Drugs

War on Food

Weather Terrorism

Wi-Fi Dangers

Wisdom

World Economic Forum

WTC (9/11

Zephyr Prayers

Zika Virus

Zionism

Zodiac




 










This Month's Most Read



Declassified Document Reveals the US Government Discovered an Ancient Martian Race



George Soros’ Chief Mission is the Downfall of America



Fauci Paid $453K to Make Primates Transgender



 

Most Recent Posts




Swedish Government Grants $175,000 to Fund Drag Queen Shows for Children
4:00 AM




Reporter Uncovers Manson Family Connections to CIA’s MK Ultra Mind Control and Hollywood Child Trafficking
3:00 AM




Austin, TX: Pro-LGBTQP Curriculum Will Teach Third-graders How to Have Anal Sex (Public Education Becomes Pedophilia Indoctrination)
2:00 AM




460,000 Missing Children in the USA Each Year — While the Entire Dinosaur Media Protects Pedophiles
4:00 AM




New Book Exposes Obama’s Youth: He Considered a Gay Fling, Had COCAINE With a White Girl, Proposed Twice to Another, and CHEATED on Michelle Before They Married
3:00 AM




11,000 Scientists Sign Paper: Humans Are Bad Because They Eat Meat and Engage in Transportation
2:00 AM




Saying “It’s Okay to be White” is Now Considered a HATE CRIME in America
4:00 AM




When Alt Media Was Exposing Epstein, ABC & MSM Was Covering it Up — Who’s the Real Fake News?
3:00 AM




Google Search: Organic Products Are “A Lie”, GMOs Are “Good for You” and Supplements Are “Scams” in Latest Anti-health Search Manipulation
2:00 AM




What You Think is Controlled by What You Watch, and What You Watch is Controlled by the Elite
4:00 AM


 






Subscribe for daily articles:






Search Entire Site


 







© Copyright 2020 Humans Are Free. Creative Commons License. 

Home
Contact Us
Authors and Writers
Privacy policy
Dark Mode
 




























