








World Leaders ‘Laughing at Biden’ - Geller Report



















































 













			Wednesday, March 08, 2023		




Subscribe
|
News Tips




Search for:



 









































About
Donate
Articles
Categories
Quotables
Press
Books
Rebuttals
Video
 

		Donate Today
	














Search for:



 
















News Ticker:



[ March 8, 2023 ]
WOW! Trumps Bold New Proposals for 2024: 10 New Freedom Cities, Baby Bonuses, Flying Cars




[ March 8, 2023 ]
ICYMI: Listen to Pamela Geller in The Joe Hoft Show, “General Happiness Cannot Be Created...




[ March 8, 2023 ]
BREAKING: Hungary Preparing To Prosecute Nazi Collaborator George Soros For NAZI War Crimes And Murders




[ March 8, 2023 ]
BOMBSHELL Former CDC Director Testimony: US Taxpayer Money From NIH, State Department, USAID, DOD Funded...




[ March 8, 2023 ]
Newly Released Surveillance Footage: Capitol Police Ignored Abandoned, No Communication, DELIBERATELY Left Unprepared




[ March 8, 2023 ]
Chinese Foreign Minister Says Conflict with US Inevitable




[ March 7, 2023 ]
SQUIRMING McConnell Says It Was a “Mistake” for Tucker Carlson to Release Previously Unseen J6...




[ March 7, 2023 ]
Growing Number of Jan. 6 Defendants Ask Judges to Delay Trials in Light of Newly...




[ March 7, 2023 ]
The Greatest Ripoff in American History: Democrats Spent $100 Billion of Your Money on Climate...




[ March 7, 2023 ]
New, Never Seen J6 Footage Shows January 6th Committee LIED and Ray Epps LIED To...










World Leaders ‘Laughing at Biden’By Pamela Geller - on November 2, 2021


 






 Share Tweet Truth       Gettr Parler Telegram LinkedIn       
Actually, they are laughing at Americans = throwing away freedom and happiness with both hands and submitting to tyranny. We deserve the world’s contempt and scorn.

World Leaders ‘Laughing at Biden’: Trump Blasts Biden for Embarrassing the US on European Tour
By: Dillon Burroughs, The Western Journal
Former President Donald Trump released a statement Monday blasting President Joe Biden over his failures in Afghanistan and beyond, claiming world leaders are “laughing at Biden.”
The statement was released following videos of Biden apparently falling asleep during Monday’s COP26 conference in Scotland and later apologizing to world leaders over America leaving the Paris Accord, blaming Trump for “putting us behind the eight ball.”
“It is very interesting that Afghanistan, and our horrible and incompetent withdrawal, losing soldiers and leaving $Billions of military equipment, was when people really began to realize how horrible this Socialism/Communism direction for America has become,” Trump said.




“It is very interesting that Afghanistan, and our horrible and incompetent withdrawal, losing soldiers and leaving $Billions of military equipment, was when people really began to realize how horrible this Socialism/Communism direction for America has become… pic.twitter.com/NgFjuHxwT7
Trump also said Biden is being laughed at by world leaders during his time in Europe.
“We have never been thought of so poorly as we are right now, including the fact that the leaders of foreign countries, all of whom are at the top of their game, are laughing at Biden as he makes the rounds in Europe,” the former president said.
“So low and so bad for America,” Trump added. “There has never been a time like it!”


“There has never been a time like it!” – President Donald J. Trump
— Liz Harrington (@realLizUSA) November 1, 2021



Biden was criticized across social media after apparently falling asleep during the COP26 Climate Summit opening speeches, closing his eyes at one point for approximately 20 seconds.
Biden traveled to the United Nations climate conference on Monday to support a new legislative framework destined to become the largest in America’s history to address climate change.


Biden appears to fall asleep during COP26 opening speeches pic.twitter.com/az8NZTWanI
— Zach Purser Brown (@zachjourno) November 1, 2021
 


Joe Biden falls asleep at the Climate Change Conference then one of his aides wakes him up . pic.twitter.com/TmX9rf2meM
— Maddashell (@Maddashell1) November 1, 2021
 
As the speaker said, “You are in a position of extraordinary power,” Biden’s eyes closed, with his arms folded while sitting upright in a chair among other attendees.
After the video plays for almost a full minute, an assistant appears at the president’s side to wake him with what was apparently an important message. The speech then ends with Biden and the audience applauding.
This article appeared originally on The Western Journal.

 Share Tweet Truth       Gettr Parler Telegram LinkedIn        
The Truth Must be Told
Your contribution supports independent journalism
Please take a moment to consider this. Now, more than ever, people are reading Geller Report for news they won't get anywhere else. But advertising revenues have all but disappeared. Google Adsense is the online advertising monopoly and they have banned us. Social media giants like Facebook and Twitter have blocked and shadow-banned our accounts. But we won't put up a paywall. Because never has the free world needed independent journalism more.
Everyone who reads our reporting knows the Geller Report covers the news the media won't. We cannot do our ground-breaking report without your support. We must continue to report on the global jihad and the left's war on freedom. Our readers’ contributions make that possible.
Geller Report's independent, investigative journalism takes a lot of time, money and hard work to produce. But we do it because we believe our work is critical in the fight for freedom and because it is your fight, too.


Please contribute here.



or



					Make a monthly commitment to support The Geller Report – choose the option that suits you best.
				

$25.00 here
$50.00 here
$75.00 here
$100.00 here
$250.00 here





 


Quick note: We cannot do this without your support. Fact. Our work is made possible by you
		and only you. We receive no grants, government handouts, or major funding.

Tech giants are shutting us down. You know this. Twitter, LinkedIn, Google Adsense, Pinterest permanently
		banned us. Facebook, Google search et al have shadow-banned, suspended and deleted us from your news feeds.
		They are disappearing us. But we are here.
	

Subscribe to Geller Report newsletter here— it’s free and it’s essential NOW when informed decision making and opinion is essential to America's survival.
		Share our posts on your social channels and with your email contacts. Fight the great fight.
	
Follow Pamela Geller on Gettr. I am there. click here. 

		Follow Pamela Geller on Trump's social media platform, Truth Social. 

		It's open and free.

	
Remember, YOU make the work possible. If you can, please contribute to Geller Report.
	

Join The Conversation. Leave a Comment.
We have no tolerance for comments containing violence, racism, profanity, vulgarity, doxing, or discourteous behavior. If a comment is spammy or unhelpful, click the - symbol under the comment to let us know. Thank you for partnering with us to maintain fruitful conversation.
Please note: We no longer use Disqus; your Disqus login/password will no longer work on this site.
If you would like to join the conversation, but don't have an account, you can sign up for one right here.
If you do have an account, but are having problems logging in or leaving a comment, it may be because of a browser extension or add-on, perhaps uBlock Origin or an ad blocker or something else. We want you to join the conversation, so perhaps disable browser extensions or your ad blocker until that "post comment" button appears. We look forward to seeing your comments below!





Post navigation
PreviousNext

 



Help Us Fight







Donate via Stripe, an alternative to Paypal

Search for:




recent Comments

Staff Sgt Chaos on BREAKING: Hungary Preparing To Prosecute Nazi Collaborator George Soros For NAZI War Crimes And MurdersStaff Sgt Chaos on BREAKING: Hungary Preparing To Prosecute Nazi Collaborator George Soros For NAZI War Crimes And MurdersStaff Sgt Chaos on BREAKING: Hungary Preparing To Prosecute Nazi Collaborator George Soros For NAZI War Crimes And MurdersJanD on The Greatest Ripoff in American History: Democrats Spent $100 Billion of Your Money on Climate HoaxFrom a Remote Location on BREAKING: Hungary Preparing To Prosecute Nazi Collaborator George Soros For NAZI War Crimes And Murders 


Fund The Fight
We all need heroes.  Donate Monthly
Choose your subscription level






Subscriber : $18.00 USD - monthly
Contributor : $36.00 USD - monthly
Patron : $50.00 USD - monthly
Silver member : $100.00 USD - monthly
Gold member : $250.00 USD - monthly
Platinum member : $500.00 USD - monthly








books & Movies
By Pamela Geller





It is the conflict of our age, yet no one dares talk about it. The true story of the Islamic Supremacist war on free speech as told by those on the front lines fighting for our First Amendment rights,
					.
				
Buy Now





Pamela Geller tells her own story of how she became one of the world's foremost activists for the freedom of speech,
					individual rights, and equality of rights for all. "It's my story, it's what happens when someone fights for freedom in America today,"
					Geller explained.
				
Buy Now





Today Islamic supremacists are demanding more accommodation of Islamic principles
					and practices than ever, and daily growing more aggressive in eroding our freedoms – with politically
					correct public officials only too happy..
				
Buy Now





Popular conservative blogger Pamela Geller and New York Times bestselling author
					Robert Spencer sound a wake-up call for Americans to stop the Obama administration from limiting our
					hard-won...
				
Buy Now





The Ground Zero Mosque: The Second Wave of the 9/11 Attacks is a groundbreaking documentary on the controversy
                    over the planned Islamic supremacist mega-mosque at Ground Zero.
                
Buy Now



must See Video




VIDEO: Pamela Geller Discussing Massive Corruption in the FBI on OAN 

 








Explore

About
Articles
Books
Notable Quotables
Archive
Press
Contact
Disclaimer
Privacy Policy
 





Connect





































Subscribe To Our Newsletter

 




Copyright © 2023 Geller Report 

Geller Report

















Thanks for sharing!Thanks for sharing!
We invite you to become a Geller Report insider. Sign up for our free email newsletter, get the news the media won't cover.







