


















































Michael Jaco: Is James Woods Ready to Retire His Roll Soon? The Month of November Remote Views & Intuitive Insights  (Video) | Alternative | Before It's News



















You're using an Ad-Blocker.
BeforeItsNews only exists through ads.We ask all patriots who appreciate the evil we expose and want to
help us savage the NWO with more Truth to disable your ad-blocker on our site only so we can grow and expose more evil!Funding
gives us more weapons! Thank you patriots! Oh and If you disable the Ad-blocker - on your deathbed you will receive total
consciousness. So you got that going for you...which is nice!



Disable
Dismiss




 
Before It's News











Featured |
Economy |
Health |
Beyond Science |
Power of Belief |
Sustainable Living|
Inspiration |
Live |
Video |
Top 50 |
Most Recent |
Shopping |
Categories









Read the Beforeitsnews.com story here.
Advertise at Before It's News here.








By  Nicole Morgan (Investigative Reporter) 

Contributor profile |
More stories







Story Views



Now:



Last hour:



Last 24 hours:



Total:





 






Michael Jaco: Is James Woods Ready to Retire His Roll Soon? The Month of November Remote Views & Intuitive Insights (Video)


Tuesday, November 2, 2021 10:04 






% of readers think this story is Fact. Add your two cents.
























by N.Morgan

November may prove to be the most chaotic month yet. In his latest video, Michael exposes the military activity taking place all over the country and what it means. He also discusses James Woods, the outspoken actor who became a conservative activist, and what’s going on with him.

Don’t miss this one!

Stories Contributed by N. Morgan
Get prepared for flu season and cut out Big pHarma with these amazing supplements! Click banners below to complete your survival 1st Aid Kit:



   








 














Before It’s News® is a community of individuals who report on what’s going on around them, from all around the world.
Anyone can join.
Anyone can contribute.
Anyone can become informed about their world.
"United We Stand" Click Here To Create Your Personal Citizen Journalist
Account Today, Be Sure To Invite Your Friends.


Please Help Support BeforeitsNews by trying our Natural Health Products below!Order by Phone at 888-809-8385 or online at https://mitocopper.com M - F 9am to 5pm ESTOrder by Phone at 866-388-7003 or online at https://www.herbanomic.com M - F 9am to 5pm ESTOrder by Phone at 866-388-7003 or online at https://www.herbanomics.com M - F 9am to 5pm ESTHumic & Fulvic Trace Minerals Complex - Nature's most important supplement! Vivid Dreams again!HNEX HydroNano EXtracellular Water - Improve immune system health and reduce inflammation.Ultimate Clinical Potency Curcumin - Natural pain relief, reduce inflammation and so much more.MitoCopper - Bioavailable Copper destroys pathogens and gives you more energy. (See Blood Video)Oxy Powder - Natural Colon Cleanser!  Cleans out toxic buildup with oxygen!Nascent Iodine - Promotes detoxification, mental focus and thyroid health.Smart Meter Cover -  Reduces Smart Meter radiation by 96%! (See Video). 


















Related Stories

 












Comments
 Click here to cancel reply.

Your Comments


































Total 9 comments







laughalot 

Ignore this dumb ass. He is just in on the movement to sell his Bullshit products. The guy is a loser




Nov 2, 2021, 10:52 am 








1
Reply 







RussZilla 

Think for yourself, folks.




Nov 2, 2021, 11:26 am 








1
Reply 







LonePatriot1 

The ongoing COVID-19 nonsense here in the United States exists solely and exclusively because our governments have failed to use the correct treatment. They used so-called “vaccines” when Japan has just proven, in less than ONE MONTH, that Ivermectin can wipe out the disease. IVM was awarded the Nobel prize for medicine in 2015. One of the 3 most important drugs in human history: Aspirin, Penicillin, and Ivermectin. Get your Ivermectin today while you still can! https://health.p0l.org




Nov 2, 2021, 3:54 pm 








-1
Reply 







Barry 

Learn to spell Nancy, or tell me what kind of roll do you retire?
   




Nov 2, 2021, 4:59 pm 








0
Reply 







Anonymous 

Let’s rock and role, this is BIN after all.    




Nov 3, 2021, 12:12 pm 








0
Reply 









Geeios 

Following James Woods on twitter. He’s in Vegas playing in the world series of poker tournaments for the last several weeks. He posts pictures to prov it.




Nov 2, 2021, 8:02 pm 








0
Reply 







fakenewsbuster 

Can someone provide me with ONE major prediction this guy has actually gotten correct?




Nov 3, 2021, 12:48 am 








0
Reply 







Melvin Frisbey 

Good call, Barry! Who writes these headlines anyway? They’re certainly not on a role!




Nov 3, 2021, 12:55 am 








0
Reply 







Anonymous 

James Woods and Kevin Costner halped me out of a jam during a Stones concert at the Hardrock in Vegas. They are both very nice guys, I will be forever grateful.  




Nov 3, 2021, 12:10 pm 








0
Reply 














MOST RECENT











Load more ...









HELP KEEP NEWS FREE
DONATE HERE


OLD VERSION


FORUM








Online:



Visits:
1,467,990,242


Stories:
7,870,824





Wanted: Citizen Reporters,Whistler Blowers, Insiders
CLICK HERE TO UPLOAD NEWS!




God's Word - Isaiah 41 Listen to God's Word on Youtube! Donate to Share God's Word!













Loading... 





"Not by might, nor by power, but by my spirit, saith the Lord of hosts." Zechariah 4:6


BEFORE IT'S NEWS ON TELEGRAM
GET THE TELEGRAM APP - https://telegram.org/
JOIN OUR CHANNEL - https://t.me/BeforeitsNews


Read it..
BEFORE IT'S NEWS
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER



Submit




Today's Top Stories

Situation Update - America On The Brink! Deep State Continues To Trigger WW3! White Hats Plan For The Final Takedown! Coming Zombie Apocalypse! - We The People NewsNew Roseanne Barr and Alex Jones Interview! March 2023 Saturday SpecialTrump Puts The DeepState On Notice - Media Scrambling - Its The End Of The World As They've Known It!Get Out Now! - Federal Emergency - 10 States - "Super Dangerous" - Patrick Humphrey NewsNew Patriot Underground & Ben Fulford Intel: CFR & Distraction Wars - Underground Truth Accelerating - Giza, Soledar & Bakhmut - Taiwan Invasion Prep - China Boosts Semi-Conductor ChipPresidential Alert! Biden Administration Now Orders Total Lockdown! Constitution In Abeyyance! New Benjamin Fulford on Fake Pandemics and System ResetSG Anon: How We Must Take Action (Video) Bombshell: FOIA Documents Reveal COVID Pandemic Was a DOD Operation Dating Back to Obama! - 'Pfizer' Caught Admitting "Babies Died During the 'mRNA' COVID-19 Vaccine Trials- Gates Foundation Insider Admits...Stage Set! Drop Clinton Crime Videos in Times Square! Unimaginable Treason! Pure Evil! Hell on Earth! 










Loading... 


 


Featured

X22 Report - Trump Is Vengeance! War-Like Posture Activated! Thank You For Playing! - Must VideoBreaking: Russia Just Issued Space Warning! Get Ready! - Grand Supreme NewsHow China Controls The Australian Economy! - Epic Economist The Most Doomed Cities & Why Technical Progress Has Stalled - Peter Thiel on The Rubin Report (Video)Fake New Age False Gurus & Spiritual Charlatans. Evil Deceivers Exposed Part 1. The Greatest New Age Lies and Misconceptions Exposed And We Know Interview With Dr. Kirk Elliott - There’s Always Hope With Your Finances, Regardless Of The State Of The Earth! - Must VideoNow They Can Actually Use WiFi “To See People Through Walls”Boots on the Ground…March 5th…Fires and Crashes…On purpose or accidents?Forecasting 2023 Earthquake Windows in the Magnetic AnomalyBeware the Ides of March is Here! The Next Two Weeks May Change Everything! 










Loading... 


 


Top Global

Katie Hobbs Busted for Accepting Bribes, Ohio Rail Derailment Update, 144000, Anti-Christ and More (Video) Breaking: Russia Just Issued Space Warning! Get Ready! - Grand Supreme NewsHow China Controls The Australian Economy! - Epic Economist Beware the Ides of March is Here! The Next Two Weeks May Change Everything!President Trump Alert! Massive Crowds Now Support Big Change in 2024 Election Cycle! New Information Shows A Major Superpower Is Closer To Collapsing Than We Thought! - Must VideoDefeating the World Economic Forum’s ‘Great Reset’ Before It Destroys UsBan mRNA Shots!, Real Black History, New COVID Ad, Space Facts, Amazon Kills, the Fetzer Boogie (Video) Palestinian/Israeli update 03/05/2023..International furor continues over Smotrich's Hawara statementHumanity’s real enemy – the World Economic Forum. 









Top Alternative

Proof the Jabbed Are Trackable Everywhere: The Vaccinated Are Marked and Cannot Be UnmarkedTrump update 03/05/2023..Donald Trump wins CPAC straw poll with 62% of the voteGeoengineering Watch Global Alert News, March 4,Being Old Is a State of MindDefeating the World Economic Forum’s ‘Great Reset’ Before It Destroys UsThe Fundamental Transformation of AmericaFeds Refuse to Punish Illegal Aliens for Killing EagleAuthorities Decided to Drain This River But Didn't Expect to Find This at the Bottom Iconic Restaurant Chains That Don't Exist Anymore in America New York: Strange Creature Caught on CCTV Camera 



 






SignUp
Login






About | Advertise With Us | FAQ | Contact
| Privacy | Terms of Service
| Copyright Notification | RSS Subscribe | Widgets
Portions copyright © 2023 NSearch Technology, Inc., All Rights Reserved.Before It's News® is a registered Service Mark of NSearch Technology,
Inc..



Newsletter
Email this story
Email this story








If you really want to ban this commenter, please write down the reason:




If you really want to disable all recommended stories, click on OK button. After that, you will be redirect to your options page.







