


















































New ShariRaye: November Intel Update! Resignations 1500 Flights Canceled! Fake Biden and Go Brandon!  | Prophecy | Before It's News



















You're using an Ad-Blocker.
BeforeItsNews only exists through ads.We ask all patriots who appreciate the evil we expose and want to
help us savage the NWO with more Truth to disable your ad-blocker on our site only so we can grow and expose more evil!Funding
gives us more weapons! Thank you patriots! Oh and If you disable the Ad-blocker - on your deathbed you will receive total
consciousness. So you got that going for you...which is nice!



Disable
Dismiss




 
Before It's News











Featured |
Economy |
Health |
Beyond Science |
Power of Belief |
Sustainable Living|
Inspiration |
Live |
Video |
Top 50 |
Most Recent |
Shopping |
Categories









Read the Beforeitsnews.com story here.
Advertise at Before It's News here.








By Jeffery Pritchett

Contributor profile |
More stories







Story Views



Now:



Last hour:



Last 24 hours:



Total:





 






New ShariRaye: November Intel Update! Resignations 1500 Flights Canceled! Fake Biden and Go Brandon! 


Monday, November 1, 2021 17:50 






% of readers think this story is Fact. Add your two cents.

























I am a Paralegal, a Small Business Owner, Gospel Singer/ Songwriter Musician and love horses, rodeos and barrel racing! MY Priorities are God, Family And Country! I pursue Truth and Justice! My Dad was in the Navy where he met my Mom from Kaneohe, Hawaii. He was also a Police Officer and Detective over 25 years. My Uncle Mat served in 3 World Wars! WW II, the Korean War and the Vietnam War. That is where I got the desire for Freedom, Truth and Justice!
Because of all the evil and corruption going on, I have made it a Mission to seek Truth and Justice for all People, especially since we are all getting blocked and deleted from all the corrupt social media, and the MSM. Countless hours are spent seeking truth in research, videos and research! We must stand up America, and fight for our rights and Justice! General Flynn tells us to get involved locally, and to stand up for our Civil and Constitutional rights.
With Prayer and Determination, Patriots standing up, President Trump and the Military, AMERICA WILL BE THE BEST IT HAS EVER BEEN! The Great Awakening is here, March on Digital Soldiers, let’s do this!!!!!!!!!!
 
 






The Native Americans Have been using Humic & Fulvic Minerals for Centuries! Great immune system health healing! More info click Here.
 

 
 
























Before It’s News® is a community of individuals who report on what’s going on around them, from all around the world.
Anyone can join.
Anyone can contribute.
Anyone can become informed about their world.
"United We Stand" Click Here To Create Your Personal Citizen Journalist
Account Today, Be Sure To Invite Your Friends.


Please Help Support BeforeitsNews by trying our Natural Health Products below!Order by Phone at 888-809-8385 or online at https://mitocopper.com M - F 9am to 5pm ESTOrder by Phone at 866-388-7003 or online at https://www.herbanomic.com M - F 9am to 5pm ESTOrder by Phone at 866-388-7003 or online at https://www.herbanomics.com M - F 9am to 5pm ESTHumic & Fulvic Trace Minerals Complex - Nature's most important supplement! Vivid Dreams again!HNEX HydroNano EXtracellular Water - Improve immune system health and reduce inflammation.Ultimate Clinical Potency Curcumin - Natural pain relief, reduce inflammation and so much more.MitoCopper - Bioavailable Copper destroys pathogens and gives you more energy. (See Blood Video)Oxy Powder - Natural Colon Cleanser!  Cleans out toxic buildup with oxygen!Nascent Iodine - Promotes detoxification, mental focus and thyroid health.Smart Meter Cover -  Reduces Smart Meter radiation by 96%! (See Video). 


















Related Stories

 












Comments
 Click here to cancel reply.

Your Comments


































Total 12 comments







SomeGuy 

Wait! This chick put up TWO videos today!?!?!




Nov 1, 2021, 7:34 pm 








-2
Reply 







The Watcher 

Oh no! Means that there is already a clone of her out there    




Nov 1, 2021, 11:45 pm 








-2
Reply 









Lindunc 

Today is Nov 1. No mass arrest. Shari most of your news is from uninformed people. I stopped believing Trump. He’s part of the communist movement. If he’s not part of the plan then he and the military are just as evil. Letting harm, murders, loss of jobs, deaths from his jab.




Nov 1, 2021, 9:22 pm 








-1
Reply 







SnakeEyes40 

He didn’t force any of them to take it. In fact, he mentioned alternative treatments BEFORE the vaccines were released. He has always advocated choice regarding taking the vaccine or not, and if anyone is stupid enough to take it without researching it for themselves-then they can blame THEMSELVES. I have no idea what’s going on with Trump, but I do not believe he’s a Communist. Not for one second. Time will tell.




Nov 1, 2021, 11:10 pm 








1
Reply 







Kitty 

Well said. Lets Go Brandon. President Trump 2020 in a Land Slide.




Nov 2, 2021, 7:01 am 








-1
Reply 











Johnny B Good 

Order Ivermectin and Hydroxychloroquine online. No script required. Bitcoin accepted
https://www.excelwell.net/drugs




Nov 1, 2021, 9:26 pm 








0
Reply 







GP 

Your delusional!!




Nov 1, 2021, 9:29 pm 








0
Reply 







jr7 

Why, in Gid’s name, would you ever allow a treasonous traitor to negotiate to save their reputation for turning state’s evidence…
Seems like these called “authorities” are going easy on the traitors, for what reason, maybe to propagate future treasonous actions by associates and/or the same people who’re probably getting the Operation Paperclip 2 treatment, same as the Nazi’s after WW2.




Nov 1, 2021, 11:21 pm 








-1
Reply 







testcard 

This woman is a fraud and tool of the deep state. She cannot even stay on the same page day in and day out. One day she is saying that JFK is alive, along with a whole bunch of other people, and less than twenty four hours later she is saying she has no evidence that proves he is alive. She is as steady as wind.
The only thing that can be done about people in the “truth” movement like her, is to cut them off financially and not buy the products they are promoting. I wouldn’t give a scent to any of those bibles she sells as well, because simply she is not honest. She should take this to Pryme Minister and let him do they open for her breaking “whose alive broadcast” tomorrow.
Use the discernment given to you by God. Trust your Father, he knows who is true. And if you find yourself convicted to donate money for bibles give the money to the Salvation Army. They use 98% of their donations for outreach and helping the destitute, addicted, homeless and lost, providing food, clothing and shelter in individual communities.




Nov 2, 2021, 12:02 am 








-1
Reply 







Richard Owen 

Yup! Trump is our president!




Nov 2, 2021, 8:35 am 








0
Reply 







gpat 

OMG!!!! I watched some of her vids for a good laugh. Now it scares the hell out of me knowing that there are actually people out there that believe this horse shit. Nothing she has ever said has happened and never will. This shit is ate up




Nov 2, 2021, 3:34 pm 








1
Reply 







LonePatriot1 

While the MSM condemns the use of ivermectin, the most populated state in India just declared they are officially COVID free after promoting widespread use of the safe, proven medicine. In addition to this, Ivermectin attaches to covid spikes and prevents them from binding to ACE2. Get your Ivermectin today while you still can! https://health.p0l.org/




Nov 2, 2021, 3:55 pm 








0
Reply 














MOST RECENT











Load more ...









HELP KEEP NEWS FREE
DONATE HERE


OLD VERSION


FORUM








Online:



Visits:
1,467,990,242


Stories:
7,870,824





Wanted: Citizen Reporters,Whistler Blowers, Insiders
CLICK HERE TO UPLOAD NEWS!




God's Word - Romans Chapter 5 Listen to God's Word on Youtube! Donate to Share God's Word!













Loading... 





"Not by might, nor by power, but by my spirit, saith the Lord of hosts." Zechariah 4:6


BEFORE IT'S NEWS ON TELEGRAM
GET THE TELEGRAM APP - https://telegram.org/
JOIN OUR CHANNEL - https://t.me/BeforeitsNews


Read it..
BEFORE IT'S NEWS
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER



Submit




Today's Top Stories

Situation Update - America On The Brink! Deep State Continues To Trigger WW3! White Hats Plan For The Final Takedown! Coming Zombie Apocalypse! - We The People NewsNew Roseanne Barr and Alex Jones Interview! March 2023 Saturday SpecialTrump Puts The DeepState On Notice - Media Scrambling - Its The End Of The World As They've Known It!Get Out Now! - Federal Emergency - 10 States - "Super Dangerous" - Patrick Humphrey NewsNew Patriot Underground & Ben Fulford Intel: CFR & Distraction Wars - Underground Truth Accelerating - Giza, Soledar & Bakhmut - Taiwan Invasion Prep - China Boosts Semi-Conductor ChipPresidential Alert! Biden Administration Now Orders Total Lockdown! Constitution In Abeyyance! New Benjamin Fulford on Fake Pandemics and System ResetSG Anon: How We Must Take Action (Video) Bombshell: FOIA Documents Reveal COVID Pandemic Was a DOD Operation Dating Back to Obama! - 'Pfizer' Caught Admitting "Babies Died During the 'mRNA' COVID-19 Vaccine Trials- Gates Foundation Insider Admits...Stage Set! Drop Clinton Crime Videos in Times Square! Unimaginable Treason! Pure Evil! Hell on Earth! 










Loading... 


 


Featured

Breaking: Russia Just Issued Space Warning! Get Ready! - Grand Supreme NewsHow China Controls The Australian Economy! - Epic Economist The Most Doomed Cities & Why Technical Progress Has Stalled - Peter Thiel on The Rubin Report (Video)Fake New Age False Gurus & Spiritual Charlatans. Evil Deceivers Exposed Part 1. The Greatest New Age Lies and Misconceptions Exposed And We Know Interview With Dr. Kirk Elliott - There’s Always Hope With Your Finances, Regardless Of The State Of The Earth! - Must VideoNow They Can Actually Use WiFi “To See People Through Walls”Boots on the Ground…March 5th…Fires and Crashes…On purpose or accidents?Forecasting 2023 Earthquake Windows in the Magnetic AnomalyBeware the Ides of March is Here! The Next Two Weeks May Change Everything!On The Fringe - Not Everything Is As It Seems! Can We Trust Elon Musk Now? - Must Video 










Loading... 


 


Top Global

Breaking: Russia Just Issued Space Warning! Get Ready! - Grand Supreme NewsHow China Controls The Australian Economy! - Epic Economist Beware the Ides of March is Here! The Next Two Weeks May Change Everything!President Trump Alert! Massive Crowds Now Support Big Change in 2024 Election Cycle! New Information Shows A Major Superpower Is Closer To Collapsing Than We Thought! - Must VideoDefeating the World Economic Forum’s ‘Great Reset’ Before It Destroys UsBan mRNA Shots!, Real Black History, New COVID Ad, Space Facts, Amazon Kills, the Fetzer Boogie (Video) Palestinian/Israeli update 03/05/2023..International furor continues over Smotrich's Hawara statementHumanity’s real enemy – the World Economic Forum.Iran Confirms Acquiring 24 Sukhoi Su-35 Fighters From Russia; Jets To Arrive During Iranian Year In March 









Top Alternative

Proof the Jabbed Are Trackable Everywhere: The Vaccinated Are Marked and Cannot Be UnmarkedTrump update 03/05/2023..Donald Trump wins CPAC straw poll with 62% of the voteGeoengineering Watch Global Alert News, March 4,Being Old Is a State of MindDefeating the World Economic Forum’s ‘Great Reset’ Before It Destroys UsThe Fundamental Transformation of AmericaFeds Refuse to Punish Illegal Aliens for Killing EagleAuthorities Decided to Drain This River But Didn't Expect to Find This at the Bottom Iconic Restaurant Chains That Don't Exist Anymore in America New York: Strange Creature Caught on CCTV Camera 



 






SignUp
Login






About | Advertise With Us | FAQ | Contact
| Privacy | Terms of Service
| Copyright Notification | RSS Subscribe | Widgets
Portions copyright © 2023 NSearch Technology, Inc., All Rights Reserved.Before It's News® is a registered Service Mark of NSearch Technology,
Inc..



Newsletter
Email this story
Email this story








If you really want to ban this commenter, please write down the reason:




If you really want to disable all recommended stories, click on OK button. After that, you will be redirect to your options page.







