


















































Covid Vaccine Nonsense | Health | Before It's News



















You're using an Ad-Blocker.
BeforeItsNews only exists through ads.We ask all patriots who appreciate the evil we expose and want to
help us savage the NWO with more Truth to disable your ad-blocker on our site only so we can grow and expose more evil!Funding
gives us more weapons! Thank you patriots! Oh and If you disable the Ad-blocker - on your deathbed you will receive total
consciousness. So you got that going for you...which is nice!



Disable
Dismiss




 
Before It's News











Featured |
Economy |
Health |
Beyond Science |
Power of Belief |
Sustainable Living|
Inspiration |
Live |
Video |
Top 50 |
Most Recent |
Shopping |
Categories









Read the Beforeitsnews.com story here.
Advertise at Before It's News here.








By John Rolls
 (Reporter)
Contributor profile |
More stories







Story Views



Now:



Last hour:



Last 24 hours:



Total:





 






Covid Vaccine Nonsense


Wednesday, March 31, 2021 20:42 






% of readers think this story is Fact. Add your two cents.

























Submitted by Thaisleeze
Via Off-Guardian / The Burning Platform
The efforts to require every American to be injected with an experimental vaccine for Covid-19 are based on the false notion that vaccination will protect recipients from becoming infected with SARS-Cov-2, the virus that causes Covid-19, or protect them from passing along the infection to other people.
The FDA, the CDC, the NIH and the pharmaceutical companies involved have all stated very clearly that there is no evidence to support this idea.
None of the three experimental Covid-19 vaccines now being distributed in the United States have been demonstrated to protect against infection with or transmission of the virus believed to cause Covid-19 (SARS-CoV-2), or even prevent symptoms of Covid-19 disease from developing. 






This fact is indisputable, yet media, medical providers, and politicians continue to repeat the lie that vaccination provides “immunity to Covid” and even sources like the Mayo Clinic make irresponsible and unsubstantiated claims that vaccination “might prevent you from getting” or “spreading” Covid-19. The same lies are the basis for President Biden’s hard press for mass vaccination to “make this Independence Day truly special.”


***Support BeforeItsNews By Trying HerbAnomic Natural Health Building Products Including Humic & Fulvic Liquid Trace Mineral Complex, Immusist Beverage Concentrate & UltraCur Bio-Available Curcumin—NOW NEW HNEX HydroNano Extracellular Oxygen Delivery System Product–SEE BELOW! Click Here For More Information & To Order!***


On February 27, 2021, the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) announced it had “issued an emergency use authorization (EUA) for the third vaccine for the prevention of coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19),” the Janssen (Johnson&Johnson) Covid-19 vaccine.
This announcement is virtually identical to the EUAs previously issued for Covid-19 vaccines produced by Pfizer-Biontech and Moderna. 






In each of the EUAs, the FDA has been careful to avoid any claim that the vaccines provide protection against infection or transmission of the virus. Similarly, the Centers for Disease Control (CDC), the World Health Organization (WHO), and the National Institutes of Health (NIH) have each publicly stated that the vaccines have NOT been shown to prevent infection or transmission.
All of their regulatory documents and commentary addressing the issue state clearly that there is no evidence that the vaccines affect either infection with or transmission of the virus, nor do they prevent symptoms of Covid-19 from appearing.
THE US GOVERNMENT POSITION
The FDA’s Briefing Document analyzing clinical trial data for the Pfizer vaccine, released the day before the FDA’s issuance of an EUA for that vaccine, noted (on page 47):

Data are limited to assess the effect of the vaccine against asymptomatic infection

And:

Data are limited to assess the effect of the vaccine against transmission of SARS-CoV-2 [virus] from individuals who are infected despite vaccination.”

The FDA Briefing Document on the Moderna vaccine stated the same fact, while also describing plans for a future clinical trial to measure infection prevention, but that will not be completed until December 31, 2023 (p.47). The FDA’s review of the Janssen vaccine noted the same “limited” data…

to assess the effect of the vaccine in preventing asymptomatic infection… and definitive conclusions cannot be drawn at this time.”

“Limited data” means there is in fact no evidence to support those conclusions.
The CDC Advisory Committee that recommended emergency use of the Moderna vaccine noted:

“the level of certainty for the benefits of the Moderna COVID-19 vaccine was… type 4 (very low certainty) for the estimates of prevention of asymptomatic SARS-CoV-2 infection and all-cause death.”

The CDC guidance to Covid vaccine administrators (January 2, 2021) asks:

Can a person who has received a Covid-19 vaccine still spread COVID-19? At this time, we do not know if COVID-19 vaccination will have any effect on preventing transmission.”

The World Health Organization (WHO) on January 26, 2021 similarly admitted:

We do not know whether the vaccines will prevent infection and protect against onward transmission.”

This is all very confusing due to the language the FDA, NIH and other agencies use to describe the potential effectiveness of the vaccines. For example, in the NIH analysis of the Janssen vaccine data, the authors note the vaccine’s reported effectiveness in “preventing moderate and severe COVID-19 in adults.”
This deliberately blurs the distinction between infection with a virus (SARS-Cov-2) and the illness called Covid-19.
The NIH claims the Janssen vaccine prevents or lessens symptoms of the illness Covid-19, but is silent on whether the vaccine prevents infection or transmission of the virus said to cause Covid-19 (SARS-CoV-2). The similar analysis for the Moderna vaccine notes, however:

“[T]here is not yet enough available data to draw conclusions as to whether the [Moderna] vaccine can impact SARS-CoV-2 transmission.”

Unfortunately, we have seen many reports over the last few months of deaths attributed to Covid-19 days and weeks after vaccination (see here and here (video)), confirming that vaccinated people can and do become infected with the virus.
Health officials have avoided blaming these deaths on side effects from the vaccines themselves. Instead, they say these deaths are the result of infections with the virus (SARS-Cov-2) acquired after receiving the vaccines.
Particularly devastating reports from an isolated Kentucky monastery describe how two nuns died of Covid-19 after receiving Covid-19 vaccines, despite the complete absence of any cases of infection in the monastery during the ten months prior to vaccination.
Moderna’s chief science officer was quoted in the British Medical Journal about the clinical trials in 2020 that resulted in the FDA’s decision to grant a EUA to the Moderna shot:

Our trial will not demonstrate prevention of transmission,” Zaks said, “because in order to do that you have to swab people twice a week for very long periods, and that becomes operationally untenable.”

The most important questions about the experimental Covid-19 vaccines were not even asked during the clinical trials: Do these experimental vaccines prevent infection with the virus and do they prevent transmission of that virus? The short answer is No.
The FDA has stated clearly in each of the Covid vaccine Briefing Documents (see Moderna document here, Pfizer here, Janssen here) that the trials were not even designed prove or disprove a hypothesis that the vaccines prevent infection or transmission of the virus, or even prevent symptoms of Covid-19 from developing.
The FDA issued Emergency Use Authorizations (EUAs) for the Pfizer, Moderna and Janssen vaccines on December 11 and December 18, 2020, and on February 27, 2021, respectively.
The EUAs indicate that the vaccines “prevent severe Covid-19,” that is, they don’t prevent infection or development of symptoms after infection, but they may make the illness less severe.
The EUAs explicitly deny any evidence that the Pfizer, Moderna or Janssen vaccines prevent infection, or prevent hospitalization or even death from Covid-19 after vaccination. The highly publicized “success rates” of the vaccines refer only their potential ability to lessen the severity of those symptoms, but there is “no data” that they prevent the infection that could cause those symptoms.
MANDATING VACCINATION UNDER EMERGENCY USE AUTHORIZATION IS IMPERMISSIBLE
An EUA is not “FDA Approval.”
An EUA indicates that a product has not been fully tested but, despite the obvious risks, distribution is permitted because the government declared a “public health emergency” in January 2020.
As the FDA notes in its Information Sheet for the Moderna shot:

The Moderna COVID-19 Vaccine has not undergone the same type of review as an FDA- approved or cleared product.”

The FDA granted EUAs for all three experimental vaccines after less than five months of clinical trials, with most of trial data still to be collected. All three vaccines will be in clinical trial status through January 31, 2023.
According to comments from vaccine scientists in September 2020 (prior to the Covid-19 EUA issuances), no vaccine had ever before been distributed on an EUA basis.
“We don’t do EUAs for vaccines,” [Dr. Peter] Hotez said, “It’s a lesser review, it’s a lower-quality review, and when you’re talking about vaccinating a large chunk of the American population, that’s not acceptable.”
Three months later, the FDA issued EUAs for the Pfizer and Moderna vaccines, but with explicit guidance that the vaccine “has not undergone the same type of review as an FDA- approved or cleared product.”
Indeed, the highly experimental nature of the Moderna Covid-19 vaccine, in particular, is extraordinary as that vaccine is the first and only product the company has ever been allowed to distribute, and it was allegedly developed in only two days.
Any use of an experimental vaccine under an EUA must be voluntary and recipients must be informed “of the option to accept or refuse administration of the product, of the consequences, if any, of refusing administration of the product, and of the alternatives to the product that are available and of their benefits and risks.
This information is repeated in small print on each of the FDA Covid-19 vaccine Fact Sheets, but it is largely ignored.
https://www.theburningplatform.com/2021/03/31/covid-vaccine-nonsense/

***Support BeforeItsNews By Trying HerbAnomic Natural Health Building Products Including Humic & Fulvic Liquid Trace Mineral Complex, Immusist Beverage Concentrate & UltraCur Bio-Available Curcumin—NOW NEW HNEX HydroNano Extracellular Oxygen Delivery System Product–SEE BELOW! Click Here For More Information & To Order!***


















Before It’s News® is a community of individuals who report on what’s going on around them, from all around the world.
Anyone can join.
Anyone can contribute.
Anyone can become informed about their world.
"United We Stand" Click Here To Create Your Personal Citizen Journalist
Account Today, Be Sure To Invite Your Friends.


Please Help Support BeforeitsNews by trying our Natural Health Products below!Order by Phone at 888-809-8385 or online at https://mitocopper.com M - F 9am to 5pm ESTOrder by Phone at 866-388-7003 or online at https://www.herbanomic.com M - F 9am to 5pm ESTOrder by Phone at 866-388-7003 or online at https://www.herbanomics.com M - F 9am to 5pm ESTHumic & Fulvic Trace Minerals Complex - Nature's most important supplement! Vivid Dreams again!HNEX HydroNano EXtracellular Water - Improve immune system health and reduce inflammation.Ultimate Clinical Potency Curcumin - Natural pain relief, reduce inflammation and so much more.MitoCopper - Bioavailable Copper destroys pathogens and gives you more energy. (See Blood Video)Oxy Powder - Natural Colon Cleanser!  Cleans out toxic buildup with oxygen!Nascent Iodine - Promotes detoxification, mental focus and thyroid health.Smart Meter Cover -  Reduces Smart Meter radiation by 96%! (See Video). 


















Related Stories

 












Comments
 Click here to cancel reply.

Your Comments


































Total 1 comment







tonyw 

they are trying to prevent something that they have not a clue about what it is..they are suceeding in spreading fear and vaccinating many millions who may die “prematurely” because of it.. they are certainly going to suceed in reducing the world population with these vaccines..
I do not feel sorry for the sheeple that are knocking doors down to be the first to get it..more grateful for the guinea pigs that are out to show the world what the PTB are really up to.. too bad…for many it will be far to late…once you have it you cannot go back..RIP those people




Mar 31, 2021, 10:44 pm 








0
Reply 














MOST RECENT











Load more ...









HELP KEEP NEWS FREE
DONATE HERE


OLD VERSION


FORUM








Online:



Visits:
1,467,844,753


Stories:
7,870,608





Wanted: Citizen Reporters,Whistler Blowers, Insiders
CLICK HERE TO UPLOAD NEWS!




God's Word - Mark Chapter 15 Listen to God's Word on Youtube! Donate to Share God's Word!













Loading... 





"Not by might, nor by power, but by my spirit, saith the Lord of hosts." Zechariah 4:6


BEFORE IT'S NEWS ON TELEGRAM
GET THE TELEGRAM APP - https://telegram.org/
JOIN OUR CHANNEL - https://t.me/BeforeitsNews


Read it..
BEFORE IT'S NEWS
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER



Submit




Today's Top Stories

PS: Trump Is 100% Owned by the Khazarian Mafia - Clif High: Release Language Dominant, We're There - Israel Did 9/11 - All the Proof in the World...Derek Johnson With David Nino: Shocking Proof Trump Enacted MIL Continuity!! (Video) Charlie Ward: Situation Update 3/4/23 - Buckle Up, It's Coming!! (Video) Situation Update - America On The Brink! Deep State Continues To Trigger WW3! White Hats Plan For The Final Takedown! Coming Zombie Apocalypse! - We The People NewsLive President Donald J. Trump Delivers Remarks At CPAC 2023SG Anon Interview With Breaking News To Move Forward & Not Lose Heart! - Meri Crouley Must VideoWalls Are Beginning To Collapse Around These Evil People! Biden Declared War Against We The People! - On The FringeYour Phone Is the Virus - Must See! - Lost MSM Short Doc - Share With Family (Video) Breaking News: Massive Explosion In Frederick County, Maryland - US 15 Lane Closed - Houses Engulfed! - The Real GS NewsSomething BIG Is Coming....We're Not Supposed To Show You This! - A Must Video 










Loading... 


 


Featured

America’s Buried History of White SlaverySecret CDC Reports confirm 535k American Children & Young Adults have died since the FDA approved the COVID-19 Vaccine, resulting in a shocking 50% increase in Excess DeathsMIAC ADAPT NOW : A New Level of Intensification BeginsBombshell: FOIA Documents Reveal COVID Pandemic Was a DOD Operation Dating Back to Obama! - 'Pfizer' Caught Admitting "Babies Died During the 'mRNA' COVID-19 Vaccine Trials- Gates Foundation Insider Admits...Attorney General Seeks to Make Washington the First State with Political PrisonsNew Benjamin Fulford on Fake Pandemics and System ResetNew Patriot Underground & Ben Fulford Intel: CFR & Distraction Wars - Underground Truth Accelerating - Giza, Soledar & Bakhmut - Taiwan Invasion Prep - China Boosts Semi-Conductor ChipMichael Wallach - The Viral Delusion - Polio, Smallpox, AIDS, SARS-COV2Situation Update - America On The Brink! Deep State Continues To Trigger WW3! White Hats Plan For The Final Takedown! Coming Zombie Apocalypse! - We The People NewsGet Out Now! - Federal Emergency - 10 States - "Super Dangerous" - Patrick Humphrey News 










Loading... 


 


Top Global

Clownworld News Australia 05/03/2023 "Headlines" Israeli Tanks Open Fire at Syrian ArmyNew Benjamin Fulford on Fake Pandemics and System ResetNew Patriot Underground & Ben Fulford Intel: CFR & Distraction Wars - Underground Truth Accelerating - Giza, Soledar & Bakhmut - Taiwan Invasion Prep - China Boosts Semi-Conductor ChipSituation Update - America On The Brink! Deep State Continues To Trigger WW3! White Hats Plan For The Final Takedown! Coming Zombie Apocalypse! - We The People NewsPresident Trump Proposes Building 10 New Cities Across America, We Should Hold a Contest to Charter - The Biggest Corruption of All Time in the EU - All Vaccines, Not...Palestinian/Israeli update 03/04/2023..Israeli forces attack protest against eviction of Palestinian families from homes in Sheikh JarrahAlert: Moscow Explosion, Russia Preps for Martial Law, "Worst Market Crash Ever", NK Nuclear Drill! - Canadian PrepperNew Roseanne Barr and Alex Jones Interview! March 2023 Saturday Special20 Cars of 200-Car Norfolk Southern Train Derail in Springfield - March 2023Presidential Alert! Biden Administration Now Orders Total Lockdown! Constitution In Abeyyance!  









Top Alternative

Nibiru - Jesus.. 'Repent while I may still be Found', given February 8th, 2023Censor and BAN TikTok? Why the Deep State Wants to Eliminate Your Freedom of Choice!Palestinian/Israeli update 03/04/2023..Israeli forces attack protest against eviction of Palestinian families from homes in Sheikh JarrahFood stamp benefits cut for more than 30 million low-income AmericansThe Sequel to the fall of the Cabal - Part 17 2021 The Truth Behind VaccinesSatanists Celebrate! 30% of Young Women are Suicidal!California: Strange Creature Attacks Man in a Car. What is it?We Are In A Hidden War - Trump Decode 3/4/2023Strange Creature Caught on Tape in Brazil. What is it?Tucker Carlson for March 3rd, 2023 (Plus commentary) 



 






SignUp
Login






About | Advertise With Us | FAQ | Contact
| Privacy | Terms of Service
| Copyright Notification | RSS Subscribe | Widgets
Portions copyright © 2023 NSearch Technology, Inc., All Rights Reserved.Before It's News® is a registered Service Mark of NSearch Technology,
Inc..



Newsletter
Email this story
Email this story








If you really want to ban this commenter, please write down the reason:




If you really want to disable all recommended stories, click on OK button. After that, you will be redirect to your options page.







