


















































Trump Authors Sealed Indictment on SCJ Amy Coney Barrett | Blogging/Citizen Journalism | Before It's News



















You're using an Ad-Blocker.
BeforeItsNews only exists through ads.We ask all patriots who appreciate the evil we expose and want to
help us savage the NWO with more Truth to disable your ad-blocker on our site only so we can grow and expose more evil!Funding
gives us more weapons! Thank you patriots! Oh and If you disable the Ad-blocker - on your deathbed you will receive total
consciousness. So you got that going for you...which is nice!



Disable
Dismiss




 
Before It's News











Featured |
Economy |
Health |
Beyond Science |
Power of Belief |
Sustainable Living|
Inspiration |
Live |
Video |
Top 50 |
Most Recent |
Shopping |
Categories









Read the Beforeitsnews.com story here.
Advertise at Before It's News here.








By Mike Baxter

Contributor profile |
More stories







Story Views



Now:



Last hour:



Last 24 hours:



Total:












Trump Authors Sealed Indictment on SCJ Amy Coney Barrett


Saturday, March 27, 2021 15:17 






% of readers think this story is Fact. Add your two cents.

























 
On his last day in the White House, January 19, Donald J. Trump co-authored a flurry of sealed indictments, one of which charges Supreme Court Justice Amy Coney Barrett with high crimes and misdemeanors against America and its people, said a former USDOJ employee who helped Trump and then-acting AG Jeffrey Rosen research casework.
Our source said Trump spent days pondering whether to formally charge the 49-year-old mother of seven, but concluded that Barret’s betrayal to both him and the U.S Constitution could not go unpunished.
“Trump is a merciful man willing to accept almost anyone’s apology, but he couldn’t give her a free pass. Not after her ultimate betrayal,” our source said. 






On September 26, Trump triumphantly announced his nomination of Amy Coney Barrett in a ceremony at the White House Rose Garden before an audience of top Washington officials, other dignitaries, and family members. Barrett was seen as the conservative poster girl who would bring parity to the Supreme Court and stop the liberal left from hijacking the 2020 presidential election. For weeks, Trump championed her, showing her off at every possible opportunity.
The Senate confirmed her to the Supreme Court on October 26, and two days later she stabbed Trump in the back. On October 28, the Supreme Court ruled on Republican Party of Pennsylvania v. Kathy Boockvar, Secretary of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, ruling in her favor. Boockvar wanted to extend the deadline for absentee ballots; the Republicans sought an injunction.
Barrett recused herself from the vote. It was her first opportunity to support the man who fought tooth-and-nail to get her appointed.
“Trump didn’t say anything publicly, but privately he was extremely disappointed. He spent days questioning his own judgement. Even though her vote wouldn’t have swayed the decision, she was expected to cast her vote for justice,” our source said.
On December 8, only days after Biden had stolen the election and moved into the White House, Texas Attorney General Ken Paxton, a Trump ally, filed lawsuits against Georgia, Michigan, Pennsylvania and Wisconsin, states that ran illegal and unconstitutional elections. Paxton petitioned the Supreme Court to invalidate illegal ballots, but the Court briskly rejected his motion. In a brief memo, the Supreme Court said “Texas invites this court to arbitrate states’ election process. That Faustian invitation must be firmly rejected.” 






Amy Coney Barrett’s signature appeared on the memo.
“This was a sucker punch to Trump’s gut. His team presented incontrovertible evidence of election fraud. He then realized that Amy was a Deep State plant, and a clever one, a very clever one. Trump’s a guarded man, and she blew down his defenses, tricked him good. That’s when started thinking about putting out a sealed indictment on her,” our source said.
Trump and Rosen signed the indictment at 9:30 p.m. on January 19. The charges against Barrett include treason, conspiring with the enemy, and conduct unbecoming a Supreme Court justice. Trump is expected to unseal her indictment—along with many others—once he returns to power before the end of the year.
“Trump realizes the Supreme Court is corrupt to the core,” our source said. “That’s why he’s turned to the military, which is helping him to undo this fraudulent mess. When that happens there will be a reckoning as the traitors are lined up and sent to GITMO for their military tribunals.”
READ MORE HERE

















Before It’s News® is a community of individuals who report on what’s going on around them, from all around the world.
Anyone can join.
Anyone can contribute.
Anyone can become informed about their world.
"United We Stand" Click Here To Create Your Personal Citizen Journalist
Account Today, Be Sure To Invite Your Friends.


Please Help Support BeforeitsNews by trying our Natural Health Products below!Order by Phone at 888-809-8385 or online at https://mitocopper.com M - F 9am to 5pm ESTOrder by Phone at 866-388-7003 or online at https://www.herbanomic.com M - F 9am to 5pm ESTOrder by Phone at 866-388-7003 or online at https://www.herbanomics.com M - F 9am to 5pm ESTHumic & Fulvic Trace Minerals Complex - Nature's most important supplement! Vivid Dreams again!HNEX HydroNano EXtracellular Water - Improve immune system health and reduce inflammation.Ultimate Clinical Potency Curcumin - Natural pain relief, reduce inflammation and so much more.MitoCopper - Bioavailable Copper destroys pathogens and gives you more energy. (See Blood Video)Oxy Powder - Natural Colon Cleanser!  Cleans out toxic buildup with oxygen!Nascent Iodine - Promotes detoxification, mental focus and thyroid health.Smart Meter Cover -  Reduces Smart Meter radiation by 96%! (See Video). 


















Related Stories

 












Comments
 Click here to cancel reply.

Your Comments


































Total 15 comments







Болеслава  

Yeah right and heads will topple any day now in the Biden administration. Oops, sorry, the Satan administration with puppet robot biden as the front cuoi doll.




Mar 27, 2021, 3:55 pm 








-2
Reply 







jdpent01 

It didn’t have to go his far, but we needed to show the people to wake them up? So now all the gains in making America Great have been moved to Save America all because they had the plan knew what was going to happen, but did nothing to intervene, Nice work. now we are told by the end of the year? not in April as cited because of this Trump may lose a many of his former supporters. If someone is robbing my home and I see them doing it from afar, I don’t let them complete the robbery, but with law enforcement put it to a stop and repossess my home. With Joe moving us ever closer to be under communist toes if nothing happens, it going to be comrade, your mask? Joe your American puppet has been doing great tell Chairman Xi we well soon shut down their power grid, before your edicts are issued to them via CDC Fauci, if they fail him no power for 8 months if the do as he says power restored in 60 days. Incase of failure get your troops set North and South of their border, we will bring in ships East and west for back up. America will be ours without a shot. The window of opportunity here is 9 months before planting boots on the ground 3 months to see and evaluate the response to edicts. Then 6 months for logistics boots going in. When we do we need distractions like Taiwan attacks and Philippines’, Japan to follow Guam after. while Russia goes after Alaska. When all these distraction take place and are on going the same time then attack America vis its border incursions…




Mar 27, 2021, 6:27 pm 








1
Reply 







allendaves 

#2 SECOND COMING Thou Fool! “I come quickly” so “Hold fast till i come”… NOT …“in another 2000 yrs I might be coming soon any time now, so hold fast”!?! …those that deny the second coming of Christ in the war of AD70 are practicing a damnable heresy in denying the lord that bought them ( 2Peter 2:1-2 ;2Tim 4:8/ you cant love an appearing you deny& the context is the 2nd coming not the first)… Mat 7:23..”I NEVER KNEW YOU” …..Mat 10:33. But whosoever shall deny me before men……..sound familiar?…. If I said I am coming to your house in this generation when these things happen but no one knows the day or hour what fool would think I might be coming in 2000 years latter!?!? ..2 Tim 4: 4. And they shall turn away their ears from the truth, and shall be TURNED UNTO FABLES. 2Thess 2: 11. And for this cause God shall send them strong delusion, that they should believe a lie: 12. That they all might be damned who believed not the truth, but had pleasure in unrighteousness. DOWNLOAD FREE THE ENTIRE 480PG BOOK AT SEVERAL LOCATIONS https://www.scribd.com/doc/305366745/Revelation-the-First-Gospel-of-the-Kingdom or http://www.globethics.net/gtl/5455069 Revelation The First Gospel of The Kingdom or https://www.academia.edu/23464127/REVELATION_THE_FIRST_GOSPEL_OF_THE_KINGDOM 
https://www.scribd.com/doc/305367608/The-Trinity-Heresy OR https://www.academia.edu/23463667/THE_TRINITY_HERESY or http://www.globethics.net/gtl/10920799 THE TRINITY HERESY
Predestination….its true..its all true…download here https://www.scribd.com/doc/306868420/Most-True-Christians-Go-to-Hell http://www.globethics.net/gtl/10920800 Most true Christians go to hell https://www.academia.edu/25217564/Most_True_Christains_Go_to_Hell




Mar 27, 2021, 6:57 pm 








-2
Reply 







JamesinNM 

At the final judgement the truth will be shouted from the rooftops, and all evil will suffer the second death and burn for eternity. Read Matthew 10:28.




Mar 27, 2021, 9:45 pm 








0
Reply 







JohnnyB 

Eternal hell is a misinterpretation of the Scriptures. God would never punish a sinner in hell fire for eternity for the sins of a brief lifetime here. When the scriptures refer to eternal fire, it means the fire rages and doesn’t cease until the object is totally consumed “root and branch.” “The wages of sin is death.” If a soul was writhing in the flames of hell for all eternity that would hardly be death.




Mar 28, 2021, 2:33 pm 








0
Reply 











neverending 

just another whore of luicfer, there thick in the usa.




Mar 27, 2021, 7:17 pm 








1
Reply 







Zeropointenergy 

Deep State has too much Power!




Mar 27, 2021, 7:47 pm 








0
Reply 







Debbie 

Many people were screaming that ACB was a GLOBALSHIT from day one….Trump sure had a knack for picking the worst of the swamp..like Sessions and worst of all WM Barr, and Kavanaugh was another POS…….




Mar 28, 2021, 3:01 pm 








0
Reply 









MyTwoCents 

PRESIDENTS DON’T “AUTHOR” INDICTMENTS!
Stop posting B.S.




Mar 28, 2021, 1:59 am 








2
Reply 







Anonymous 

I think you meant EX presidents here. I don’t know if anyone has told you, but Trump isn’t president anymore. So he can’t author anything except for a round of golf. That’s it.




Mar 28, 2021, 11:52 am 








0
Reply 









Ranger007 

Biggest put off is Mike Baxter wearing a big mask..clearly advertising it.




Mar 28, 2021, 2:03 am 








1
Reply 







MyTwoCents 

“Kathy Boockvar, Secretary of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania”
There is no such position! She is the SECRETARY OF STATE.
So sick of these BIN B.S.ers




Mar 28, 2021, 2:04 am 








0
Reply 







truthseeker4809 

Betrayers of trust everywhere. Corruption is rampant in the society. Somebody in the government gets paid in secret and the inequality in the society increases rapidly. Can anyone pass the law to track the financial records of the government officials of all the three branches?
That’s the only way to restore the justice and peace in the society. Otherwise we the humanity are doomed one way or another.




Mar 28, 2021, 4:34 am 








0
Reply 







mike d 

The president of Marlago issues a no golfing indictment at any of his resorts , she’s hereby banned from playing golf at any of the Trump properties. Justice has been served




Mar 28, 2021, 8:38 am 








1
Reply 







Covidbolognamyopinion 

Amy needs to be prosecuted for not looking at a case that is directly related to freedom and her job is to guard freedom!! lock her up period!!




Mar 28, 2021, 12:54 pm 








1
Reply 














MOST RECENT











Load more ...









HELP KEEP NEWS FREE
DONATE HERE


OLD VERSION


FORUM








Online:



Visits:
1,468,324,351


Stories:
7,871,520





Wanted: Citizen Reporters,Whistler Blowers, Insiders
CLICK HERE TO UPLOAD NEWS!




God's Word - Psalm 30 Listen to God's Word on Youtube! Donate to Share God's Word!













Loading... 





"Not by might, nor by power, but by my spirit, saith the Lord of hosts." Zechariah 4:6


BEFORE IT'S NEWS ON TELEGRAM
GET THE TELEGRAM APP - https://telegram.org/
JOIN OUR CHANNEL - https://t.me/BeforeitsNews


Read it..
BEFORE IT'S NEWS
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER



Submit




Today's Top Stories

Michael Jaco: Explosive Interview and Intel Drop With Ricardo Bosi (Video) Charlie Ward: Big Situation Update - Everyone Needs To Know This!! (Video) Situation Update, Mar 6, 2023 - Bombshell: Leaked Govt. Messages Reveal COVID Was a Planned Psychological Terrorism Campaign From the Very Start! - Mike Adams VideoQ Drop - Benjamin Fulford Intel: CFR & Distraction Wars 2023New David Rodriguez: SPACEFORCE- "Truth From Conspiracy" - Captain Chuck Ruffin ExplainsBreaking! Biden Declares National State of Emergency as Putin Takes Key Ukraine City! - Redacted News LiveMan Dies; Shown Shocking Truth About Creation and Why Were Here (NDE)New SGTReport: 33 Masonic Symbolism via Sofia SmallstormX22 Report - Trump Announces A Quantum Leap In The Standard Of Living! Economy Is About To Change! - Must VideoRed Alert: It's Going Down! You Must Prepare Now! - Patrick Humphrey News 










Loading... 


 


Featured

Breaking: Massive Fire At Hampton University In Virginia! Evacuation! - The Real GS NewsRunning From The Fight Is NOT What The Word Of God Teaches Us! (Video)SMOKING GUN OF FRAUD: Fauci Used Government Grant Money To Buy Off Scientists Over Covid OriginsNew Steve Quayle & Stephanie Quayle | On the Edge - An Outreach to Those That Time & Others Have Forgotten | Mar. 6, 2023Slavery in the Americas: Separating Fact from FictionNew Max Igan: Scarcity or Abundance - Rafael LaVerde Speaks with Max March, -June 2023 Dates Bo Polny Babylon???Russian Special Forces Battle Annunaki Warriors in the Underground Tunnels of Syria! March 2023Charlie Ward BOMBSHELL 3/6/23: The World At War! - Must VideoBreaking: Major World Info - Russian Massacre In Bakhmut, Ukraine! - The Real GS News 










Loading... 


 


Top Global

Palestinian/Israeli update 03/06/2023..President Herzog warns Israel at risk of 'destroying itself from within'New Max Igan: Scarcity or Abundance - Rafael LaVerde Speaks with Max New Steve Quayle & Stephanie Quayle | On the Edge - An Outreach to Those That Time & Others Have Forgotten | Mar. 6, 2023Taiwan Warns China Could Carry Out A “Sudden Entry” Into CountryCharlie Ward BOMBSHELL 3/6/23: The World At War! - Must VideoBreaking: Major World Info - Russian Massacre In Bakhmut, Ukraine! - The Real GS NewsSMOKING GUN: Matt Hancock Covid Leaks! - UK Government PLOT To FAKE Variants To SCARE PUBLIC! - WAMRussian Special Forces Battle Annunaki Warriors in the Underground Tunnels of Syria! March 2023Breaking! Biden Declares National State of Emergency as Putin Takes Key Ukraine City! - Redacted News LiveNew Jason Q and Charlie Ward Shocking News 3-6-23 









Top Alternative

Brenden O'Connell: 180. Mike Gill, Donald Trump Saves The Day...Biden, Ukraine, The New Hampshire Cartel Mar 5, 2023Taiwan Warns China Could Carry Out A “Sudden Entry” Into CountryAbortion activists smash windows at Minnesota pregnancy clinic that provides free diapersWomen are Being Eliminated to Depopulate the PlanetMike Lindell Destroying Democracy - Tide Has Turned - NO VAX NO MASKAmerica - Are You Ready For Mass Blackouts?.. As Biden's Attack On America Continues Trump Nails It At CPAC - Declass Incoming - March MadnessMost Famous Sinkholes Around the World“Project Fear”: When to Release A New COVID “Variant”Biden’s “Great Economic Recovery” Narrative Is Built On Deception - Brandon Smith Must Read 



 






SignUp
Login






About | Advertise With Us | FAQ | Contact
| Privacy | Terms of Service
| Copyright Notification | RSS Subscribe | Widgets
Portions copyright © 2023 NSearch Technology, Inc., All Rights Reserved.Before It's News® is a registered Service Mark of NSearch Technology,
Inc..



Newsletter
Email this story
Email this story








If you really want to ban this commenter, please write down the reason:




If you really want to disable all recommended stories, click on OK button. After that, you will be redirect to your options page.







