


















































Thousands Report Developing Abnormal Tumors Following COVID Shots | EU | Before It's News



















You're using an Ad-Blocker.
BeforeItsNews only exists through ads.We ask all patriots who appreciate the evil we expose and want to
help us savage the NWO with more Truth to disable your ad-blocker on our site only so we can grow and expose more evil!Funding
gives us more weapons! Thank you patriots! Oh and If you disable the Ad-blocker - on your deathbed you will receive total
consciousness. So you got that going for you...which is nice!



Disable
Dismiss




 
Before It's News











Featured |
Economy |
Health |
Beyond Science |
Power of Belief |
Sustainable Living|
Inspiration |
Live |
Video |
Top 50 |
Most Recent |
Shopping |
Categories









Read the Beforeitsnews.com story here.
Advertise at Before It's News here.








By The Tap Blog

Contributor profile |
More stories







Story Views



Now:



Last hour:



Last 24 hours:



Total:





 






Thousands Report Developing Abnormal Tumors Following COVID Shots


Tuesday, November 2, 2021 6:17 






% of readers think this story is Fact. Add your two cents.


























ER Editor: On this topic, we published this last month titled The Incidence of Cancer, Triggered by the Covid 19 “Vaccine” by French paediatric oncologist Dr. Nicole Delepine. Which links to this video by Dr. Ryan Cole (watch at the 11-minute mark):


 
.
See also this report from September by Dr. Mike Williams: Are Covid Vaccines Engineered to Disable Our Immune Systems?

********
Thousands report developing abnormal tumors following COVID shots CELESTE McGOVERN for LIFESITE NEWS

There are no studies of the carcinogenicity of COVID vaccines, just as most childhood vaccines have no studies of their effects on cancer.

Shutterstock


.
A 63-year-old previously healthy Michigan man developed a seven-centimeter tumorous growth after receiving Johnson & Johnson/Janssen’s shot against COVID-19, which caused him to go into respiratory failure and life-threatening cardiogenic shock, where his heart was unable to pump enough blood to his vital organs.


.
One day after receiving the J&J shot, the man developed “intractable nausea,” vomiting, shortness of breath, watery diarrhea, chills, sweats, and heavy chest pain, though he had no symptoms prior to getting the COVID vaccine and no significant past medical history, according to a recently published case report titled “Johnson and Johnson COVID-19 Vaccination Triggering Pheochromocytoma Multisystem Crisis.”
At St. Joseph Mercy Oakland Hospital in Pontiac, the man had persistent high fevers, respiratory failure, low blood flow, and cardiomyopathy — a disease of the heart muscle. 






A nearly three-inch noncancerous mass was detected by ultrasound in his right adrenal gland (which sits atop the kidney), and tests confirmed a diagnosis of a pheochromocytoma — a rare type of noncancerous tumor that releases hormones which may, according to the Mayo Clinic, cause high blood pressure, headache, sweating and symptoms of a panic attack, and may lead to severe or life-threatening damage to other body systems if not surgically removed.
 Thousands of reports
Thousands of similar cases have been reported. VigiAccess, a World Health Organization database that collects COVID-19 vaccine side-effects, currently reports 3,709 cases of “neoplasms” or new tumors, which include breast, lung and brain cancers plus numerous noncancerous growths following COVID vaccination.
The Yellow Card adverse event reporting system in the United Kingdom has recorded indexed 731 reports of neoplasms (including 454 related to the U.K.-made AstraZeneca COVID vaccine, and 248 related to the Pfizer/BioNTech shot).
 ‘Elephant in the room’
These reports offer no description of events, but the U.S. Vaccine Adverse Event Reporting System (VAERS) contains hundreds of more detailed reports describing sudden appearances of brain tumors, breast cancer, mouth tumors, skin tumors and colon cancer after COVID shots.
There are accounts of tumor markers increasing, previously innocuous cancer abruptly worsening and cases where the patient rapidly deteriorated and died. Doctors describe tumors “exploding” and rapidly increasing in size after COVID vaccination and of disease being suddenly aggravated. There are accounts of tumors ulcerating and new symptoms appearing, or unexpected metastasis of old cancers. Cancer patients describe how “everything went downhill” after the shots, and doctors speculate if the vaccination compromised the immune system so cancer could lead to such rapid demise. In one report of woman’s precipitous decline with cancer, a doctor remarked that “the elephant in the room was the vaccine.” 






A sampling of VAERS reports related to vaccination against COVID includes:

A 21-year-old Floridian who developed night sweats, coughing, and fevers after he received the second Pfizer COVID-19 vaccination and was diagnosed with acute leukemia.
A 26-year-old woman didn’t show up for a night shift, four days after getting Pfizer’s shot in March. Her family found her in cardiopulmonary arrest. An autopsy showed evidence of bleeding in the brain and “suspicion of a brain tumor,” according to the doctor who filed the VAERS report.
A 60-year-old Pennsylvania man noticed two lumps grow on his neck on the day he received a first dose of Pfizer’s experimental vaccine in May. After a second shot, he was hospitalized the next day with plunging hemoglobin levels and was eventually diagnosed with lymphoma after a brain tumor was discovered. By July, seven tumors were discovered in his brain, one in his right eye, and “numerous” throughout his body. He died August 19.
A 46-year-old California man began to experience symptoms on the day he received his second dose of Moderna’s shot and he was diagnosed with an aggressive Glioblastoma (brain tumor) shortly afterwards.
A 22-year-old who got Pfizer’s COVID-19 shots in May and June was diagnosed with testicular cancer in early September.
A 29-year-old student described as a “picture of health and fitness” who didn’t want a COVID-19 vaccine but was “bullied, threatened and coerced into getting it” to attend school. She received Johnson & Johnson’s shot on April 30 and experienced rapid onset of fatigue, body aches, muscle pain, erratic heart rate, bruising, chest pain and difficulty breathing within 24 hours of the injection and was subsequently diagnosed with a pituitary brain tumor, new onset murmur, a thyroid condition and she stopped menstruating for five months.
A 27-year-old with a history of ovarian cancer became ill within 24 hours of taking a second dose of Pfizer’s COVID-19 shot. She developed a sharp pain in her shoulder, bloating and frequent urination; scans revealed a 13-centimeter tumor in her left ovary requiring emergency surgery. According to the VAERS report: “Patient stated she does not believe the vaccine gave her cancer but she does believe it affected her hormones, specifically estrogen, which caused the tumor to grow at an exponential rate … Please look into the hormonal changes from this vaccine. I’m not the only person who has noticed this.”
“My father deteriorated rapidly, and died on 3/18/21. The day he got the shot just prior, he was hauling wood, shoveling snow and living a normal life feeling good,” reported the daughter of a 70-year-old Michigan man whose liver cancer had been “stable for a year … The day after the shot he could barely get out of bed he was so weak, until he finally died 16 days later.”
A 61-year-old Texas man developed shortness of breath following a Moderna shot. He was diagnosed with pericarditis. During a surgery to determine the source of internal bleeding, “the surgeon noted a mass that appeared to look like a fungus on the heart,” according to the VAERS report. The patient’s wife remarked, “The doctors are finding this very unusual. My husband was very healthy prior to this with no symptoms. Could this be caused by the vaccine?”
A 35-year-old pregnant woman vaccinated with a second dose of Pfizer’s experimental mRNA COVID-19 shot on March 6, delivered a stillborn baby in her 33rd week of pregnancy on June 12. The baby was malformed with an enlarged head and genetic testing revealed it had the rare genetic syndrome called PTEN Hamartoma tumor syndrome which predisposes a person to multiple cancers.

‘No further information’
Remarkably, most of these cases conclude with the statements, “No follow-up attempts are possible,” or, “No further information is expected.” For most, there is no investigation, including autopsy. In the exceptional case where an autopsy is performed, the relationship to the vaccine frequently “cannot be evaluated.”
“I’ve seen three people who developed pancreatic cancers within weeks of vaccines,” a doctor in an American college town who wishes to remain anonymous told LifeSiteNews. He has also seen a case of prostate cancer that rapidly became aggressive and a breast cancer that suddenly became so big it filled a quarter of a woman’s chest wall. “They’re so aggressive, they’re untreatable,” he said. “I might recall one case like this, these are once in a blue moon events,” but he added that he has heard other doctors speak of seeing similar cases recently, as well.
 No studies
There are no studies of the carcinogenicity of COVID vaccines, just as most childhood vaccines have no studies of their effects on cancer. Each of the mRNA vaccine trials were ended abruptly with six months’ worth of data and the “placebo” group was given the vaccine as well — so any long-term effects like cancers will be impossible to detect since there is no control group to study.
Pfizer, Moderna and Johnson& Johnson did not reply to questions about the reported incidents of tumors following their shots, and they provided no data on animal or human trials demonstrating their new vaccines do not induce tumor growth or affect cancers.
While reports to VAERS do not confirm a link between a vaccine and an event that follows, a Harvard-Pilgrim study found that only one percent of conditions that should have been, were in fact reported to VAERS, meaning the vast majority of cases went unreported.
************
Source

Published to The Liberty Beacon from EuropeReloaded.com
https://www.thelibertybeacon.com/thousands-report-developing-abnormal-tumors-following-covid-shots/
 

Source:  https://tapnewswire.com/2021/11/thousands-report-developing-abnormal-tumors-following-covid-shots/ 














Before It’s News® is a community of individuals who report on what’s going on around them, from all around the world.
Anyone can join.
Anyone can contribute.
Anyone can become informed about their world.
"United We Stand" Click Here To Create Your Personal Citizen Journalist
Account Today, Be Sure To Invite Your Friends.


Please Help Support BeforeitsNews by trying our Natural Health Products below!Order by Phone at 888-809-8385 or online at https://mitocopper.com M - F 9am to 5pm ESTOrder by Phone at 866-388-7003 or online at https://www.herbanomic.com M - F 9am to 5pm ESTOrder by Phone at 866-388-7003 or online at https://www.herbanomics.com M - F 9am to 5pm ESTHumic & Fulvic Trace Minerals Complex - Nature's most important supplement! Vivid Dreams again!HNEX HydroNano EXtracellular Water - Improve immune system health and reduce inflammation.Ultimate Clinical Potency Curcumin - Natural pain relief, reduce inflammation and so much more.MitoCopper - Bioavailable Copper destroys pathogens and gives you more energy. (See Blood Video)Oxy Powder - Natural Colon Cleanser!  Cleans out toxic buildup with oxygen!Nascent Iodine - Promotes detoxification, mental focus and thyroid health.Smart Meter Cover -  Reduces Smart Meter radiation by 96%! (See Video). 


















Related Stories

 












Comments
 Click here to cancel reply.

Your Comments


































Total 9 comments







Johnny B Good 

Order Ivermectin and Hydroxychloroquine online. No script required. Bitcoin accepted
https://www.excelwell.net/drugs




Nov 2, 2021, 8:05 am 








0
Reply 







Sarika 

Sound is not good.




Nov 2, 2021, 8:46 am 








0
Reply 







Justin Case 

These shots just keep getting better…




Nov 2, 2021, 11:20 am 








0
Reply 







Rodney 

Have they isolated this so called DELTA ‘virus’………..NO, and they STILL havent been able to find or isolate the CONvid ‘virus’,
THE dis ease IS the JAB, and they can manipulate the figures by murdering old people wit their drugs for ANY illness or death and call it due to a virus. Now the hospitals are doing the same by their NEW protocol as dictated to follow by the WHO and other criminal HELLth Agencies.




Nov 2, 2021, 12:13 pm 








1
Reply 







grayeagle40 

⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️Do not ever trust the medical industrial complex. This has happened before. Remember the swine flu fiasco in1976.
“60 Minutes Mike Wallace Exposes the 1976 Swine Flu Pandemic Vaccine Injuries”
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g5jx243DHyg
My opinion. Pharmakia of Revelation 18:23
https://youtu.be/NyhkMeEgAZg?t=1 Pls like & link this video thank you. Over 13,000 views.
covid




Nov 2, 2021, 1:04 pm 








0
Reply 







h5mind 

The Harvard study found the same as an earlier FDA three-year study which found, for a variety of reasons, doctors were drastically underreporting vaccine side effects in VAERS. At the time (10 years ago), the FDA was collaborating with the CDC on how to improve the accuracy and utility of the VAERS database. Instead, the CDC stopped all cooperation on the matter. It’s all in the FDA’s report if anyone is interested. By the way, any article discussing vaccine injuries should include a link to the U.S. government web site handling compensation claims. The feds recently set up a separate process to file for Covid-19 vaccine injuries at hrsa.gov/cicp




Nov 2, 2021, 1:17 pm 








0
Reply 







Anonymous 

If you just drink an eight ounce glass of whale sperm, problem solved. Anti-vaxxers say this is now the way to go. The anti-vaxxers say this is a true miracle drug, even better than Ivermectin.




Nov 4, 2021, 11:31 am 








0
Reply 









LonePatriot1 

While the MSM condemns the use of ivermectin, the most populated state in India just declared they are officially COVID free after promoting widespread use of the safe, proven medicine. In addition to this, Ivermectin attaches to covid spikes and prevents them from binding to ACE2. Get your Ivermectin today while you still can! https://health.p0l.org/




Nov 2, 2021, 3:56 pm 








0
Reply 







truthseeker4809 

Cancer rate among vaccinated will explode in the next several years… How can we stop this madness? God helps us…




Nov 5, 2021, 2:32 am 








0
Reply 














MOST RECENT











Load more ...









HELP KEEP NEWS FREE
DONATE HERE


OLD VERSION


FORUM








Online:



Visits:
1,467,937,070


Stories:
7,870,755





Wanted: Citizen Reporters,Whistler Blowers, Insiders
CLICK HERE TO UPLOAD NEWS!




God's Word - Hebrews Chapter 13 Listen to God's Word on Youtube! Donate to Share God's Word!













Loading... 





"Not by might, nor by power, but by my spirit, saith the Lord of hosts." Zechariah 4:6


BEFORE IT'S NEWS ON TELEGRAM
GET THE TELEGRAM APP - https://telegram.org/
JOIN OUR CHANNEL - https://t.me/BeforeitsNews


Read it..
BEFORE IT'S NEWS
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER



Submit




Today's Top Stories

Situation Update - America On The Brink! Deep State Continues To Trigger WW3! White Hats Plan For The Final Takedown! Coming Zombie Apocalypse! - We The People NewsNew Roseanne Barr and Alex Jones Interview! March 2023 Saturday SpecialGet Out Now! - Federal Emergency - 10 States - "Super Dangerous" - Patrick Humphrey NewsTrump Puts The DeepState On Notice - Media Scrambling - Its The End Of The World As They've Known It!Walls Are Beginning To Collapse Around These Evil People! Biden Declared War Against We The People! - On The FringeNew Patriot Underground & Ben Fulford Intel: CFR & Distraction Wars - Underground Truth Accelerating - Giza, Soledar & Bakhmut - Taiwan Invasion Prep - China Boosts Semi-Conductor ChipPresidential Alert! Biden Administration Now Orders Total Lockdown! Constitution In Abeyyance! New Benjamin Fulford on Fake Pandemics and System ResetBombshell: FOIA Documents Reveal COVID Pandemic Was a DOD Operation Dating Back to Obama! - 'Pfizer' Caught Admitting "Babies Died During the 'mRNA' COVID-19 Vaccine Trials- Gates Foundation Insider Admits...A Massive Bank Run Threatens to Crash a Major Bank as They Desperately Try to Avoid Insolvency! - Must Video 










Loading... 


 


Featured

March 5 - Bank Run at Credit Suisse - Lehman Redux?Conversation with Linda M HoweFool Has Had 9 COVID Shots and Is in Chemo Trying to Stay Alive...Good Luck With That One.(Video) Best & Taylor (03042023): NIGHT SHADOWS -- Perhaps Soiled Diapers Make for Angry Babies Who Have Nuclear MatchesIllinois State Gestapo Goons - Never Trust the Police They Are Not Your Friend (Video) Charlie Ward: Situation Update and Intel with Jason Q (Video) Marines “Unalive” Clinton Clones in New York and San Diego (Video) Help JFK Jr. Raise 'Relief Funding for the Victims' of 'The Ohio Terrorist Attack' by the Deep State Cabal (Video) Unplanned Flat Earth DebateGaslighting: “Conspiracy Theories” Already Proven True in 2023 










Loading... 


 


Top Global

Ban mRNA Shots!, Real Black History, New COVID Ad, Space Facts, Amazon Kills, the Fetzer Boogie (Video) Charlie Ward: Situation Update and Intel with Jason Q (Video) Humanity’s real enemy – the World Economic Forum.Iran Confirms Acquiring 24 Sukhoi Su-35 Fighters From Russia; Jets To Arrive During Iranian Year In MarchNew Benjamin Fulford March Huge Intel 03-05-23New Melissa Redpill: Trump Retribution CPAC 2023, Final Battle, April Fools, 3-4-23It Is Over Now! This Is Going To Get Ugly! - Full Spectrum SurvivalClownworld News Australia 05/03/2023 "Headlines" Israeli Tanks Open Fire at Syrian ArmyNew Benjamin Fulford on Fake Pandemics and System ResetNew Patriot Underground & Ben Fulford Intel: CFR & Distraction Wars - Underground Truth Accelerating - Giza, Soledar & Bakhmut - Taiwan Invasion Prep - China Boosts Semi-Conductor Chip 









Top Alternative

Ohio Residents Ordered to Stay Inside as Another Train DerailsThe Paranormal Is RealSex indoctrination starts in 5th GradeTrump Puts The DeepState On Notice - Media Scrambling - Its The End Of The World As They've Known It!Trump Sings with J6 Prison choir..Nibiru - Jesus.. 'Repent while I may still be Found', given February 8th, 2023Censor and BAN TikTok? Why the Deep State Wants to Eliminate Your Freedom of Choice!Palestinian/Israeli update 03/04/2023..Israeli forces attack protest against eviction of Palestinian families from homes in Sheikh JarrahFood stamp benefits cut for more than 30 million low-income AmericansThe Sequel to the Fall of the Cabal - Part 17 2021 - The Truth Behind Vaccines 



 






SignUp
Login






About | Advertise With Us | FAQ | Contact
| Privacy | Terms of Service
| Copyright Notification | RSS Subscribe | Widgets
Portions copyright © 2023 NSearch Technology, Inc., All Rights Reserved.Before It's News® is a registered Service Mark of NSearch Technology,
Inc..



Newsletter
Email this story
Email this story








If you really want to ban this commenter, please write down the reason:




If you really want to disable all recommended stories, click on OK button. After that, you will be redirect to your options page.







