








Democrat Schumer to Bypass Republicans AGAIN On Biden's THIRD TRILLION-DOLLAR Spending Bill - Geller Report




















































 













			Wednesday, March 08, 2023		




Subscribe
|
News Tips




Search for:



 









































About
Donate
Articles
Categories
Quotables
Press
Books
Rebuttals
Video
 

		Donate Today
	














Search for:



 
















News Ticker:



[ March 8, 2023 ]
WOW! Trumps Bold New Proposals for 2024: 10 New Freedom Cities, Baby Bonuses, Flying Cars




[ March 8, 2023 ]
ICYMI: Listen to Pamela Geller in The Joe Hoft Show, “General Happiness Cannot Be Created...




[ March 8, 2023 ]
BREAKING: Hungary Preparing To Prosecute Nazi Collaborator George Soros For NAZI War Crimes And Murders




[ March 8, 2023 ]
BOMBSHELL Former CDC Director Testimony: US Taxpayer Money From NIH, State Department, USAID, DOD Funded...




[ March 8, 2023 ]
Newly Released Surveillance Footage: Capitol Police Ignored Abandoned, No Communication, DELIBERATELY Left Unprepared




[ March 8, 2023 ]
Chinese Foreign Minister Says Conflict with US Inevitable




[ March 7, 2023 ]
SQUIRMING McConnell Says It Was a “Mistake” for Tucker Carlson to Release Previously Unseen J6...




[ March 7, 2023 ]
Growing Number of Jan. 6 Defendants Ask Judges to Delay Trials in Light of Newly...




[ March 7, 2023 ]
The Greatest Ripoff in American History: Democrats Spent $100 Billion of Your Money on Climate...




[ March 7, 2023 ]
New, Never Seen J6 Footage Shows January 6th Committee LIED and Ray Epps LIED To...










Democrat Schumer to Bypass Republicans AGAIN On Biden’s THIRD TRILLION-DOLLAR Spending BillBy Pamela Geller - on March 31, 2021


 






 Share Tweet Truth       Gettr Parler Telegram LinkedIn       
Democrat debt will break the back of this nation – unsustainable.


Schumer Plans To Bypass Republicans AGAIN On Biden’s 3rd Trillion Dollar Spending Bill
By Marmee Rooke, The Federalist Papers, March 29, 2021 :


The Democrats are gearing up to use the “special process” in the Senate – that helps Senators get around working with each other to better the American people – called budget reconciliation. Republicans weren’t invited to be apart of the other two spending bills jammed down the taxpayer’s throat, and the Democrat leadership in the Senate sees no reason why a little thing like parliamentary rules should get in their way.
According to the House Committee on the Budget’s website, “instead of needing 60 votes, a reconciliation bill only needs a simple majority in the Senate,” which is exactly what the Democrats have. “Reconciliation starts with the congressional budget resolution,” the information reads, “the budget cannot be stalled in the Senate by filibuster, and it does not need the President’s signature.”
More on budget reconciliation: “If the budget calls for reconciliation, it tells certain committees to change spending, revenues, or deficits by specific amounts. Each committee writes a bill to achieve its target, and if more than one committee is told to act, the Budget Committee puts the bills together into one big bill. That bill has a special status in the Senate. Like the budget, it cannot be filibustered and only needs a simple majority to pass.”
The Democrats argued “to the Senate parliamentarian, a nonpartisan referee, that Section 304 of the Congressional Budget Act allows Democrats to pass at least a third bill this year using a simple majority, an aide for the New York Democrat told Fox News.” The report explains that “the experts” on Capitol Hill only gave the Democrats one more time to use budget reconciliation as there are limits on what legislation qualifies to be considered under this process.
The report states, “Schumer aides believe that Section 304 could give them the power to pass legislation using reconciliation for a third time this year, even though the process is only technically allowed to be used once every fiscal year, pointing to language that says “the two Houses may adopt a concurrent resolution on the budget which revises or reaffirms the concurrent resolution on the budget for such fiscal year most recently agreed to.”
Schumer wants to enact all of Joe Biden’s policies in quick fashion. The will of the American people is actively thwarted again by bypassing bipartisan negotiation for a chance at one-party rule. The report doesn’t indicate how many opportunities this would give Senate Democrats to use budget reconciliation in lieu of reaching across the aisle, but it sets a dangerous precedent.
 
One that was foreshadowed by Sen. Byrd and defended with the adoption of the Byrd rule in the 1980s. Section 313 of the Congressional Budget Act limits the Senate’s ability to include “extraneous provisions” from being included in reconciliation bills.
The idea was simple. Reconciliation bills don’t follow standard parliamentary rules and therefore stifle debate. The will of the American people should be heard. The Byrd rule effectively prohibits the process from being “hijacked” to pass significant legislation – not to do with budget, deficit, or taxes – with only a simple majority.
Schumer’s aid told Fox, “No final decision has been made on the legislative strategy. We are simply arguing that additional reconciliation bills may be considered for [this fiscal year].”
We do have a small safety net in that any Senator may raise a point of order against an extraneous provision in the reconciliation bill. The process would then be turned over to the nonpartisan Senate Parliamentarian to decide whether there is a Byrd rule violation. As I said, it is only a small safety net as any Senator that uses the Byrd rule points of order to stall or stop the reconciliation bill can have their objection if the Democrats have 60.
If the Democrats win the Senate Parliamentarian decision, the next four years will be an assault on everything conservatives hold dear. Trillions and trillions of taxpayer money will be spent on government special interest and new ways to fund the worst parts of our American culture.

 Share Tweet Truth       Gettr Parler Telegram LinkedIn        
The Truth Must be Told
Your contribution supports independent journalism
Please take a moment to consider this. Now, more than ever, people are reading Geller Report for news they won't get anywhere else. But advertising revenues have all but disappeared. Google Adsense is the online advertising monopoly and they have banned us. Social media giants like Facebook and Twitter have blocked and shadow-banned our accounts. But we won't put up a paywall. Because never has the free world needed independent journalism more.
Everyone who reads our reporting knows the Geller Report covers the news the media won't. We cannot do our ground-breaking report without your support. We must continue to report on the global jihad and the left's war on freedom. Our readers’ contributions make that possible.
Geller Report's independent, investigative journalism takes a lot of time, money and hard work to produce. But we do it because we believe our work is critical in the fight for freedom and because it is your fight, too.


Please contribute here.



or



					Make a monthly commitment to support The Geller Report – choose the option that suits you best.
				

$25.00 here
$50.00 here
$75.00 here
$100.00 here
$250.00 here





 


Quick note: We cannot do this without your support. Fact. Our work is made possible by you
		and only you. We receive no grants, government handouts, or major funding.

Tech giants are shutting us down. You know this. Twitter, LinkedIn, Google Adsense, Pinterest permanently
		banned us. Facebook, Google search et al have shadow-banned, suspended and deleted us from your news feeds.
		They are disappearing us. But we are here.
	

Subscribe to Geller Report newsletter here— it’s free and it’s essential NOW when informed decision making and opinion is essential to America's survival.
		Share our posts on your social channels and with your email contacts. Fight the great fight.
	
Follow Pamela Geller on Gettr. I am there. click here. 

		Follow Pamela Geller on Trump's social media platform, Truth Social. 

		It's open and free.

	
Remember, YOU make the work possible. If you can, please contribute to Geller Report.
	

Join The Conversation. Leave a Comment.
We have no tolerance for comments containing violence, racism, profanity, vulgarity, doxing, or discourteous behavior. If a comment is spammy or unhelpful, click the - symbol under the comment to let us know. Thank you for partnering with us to maintain fruitful conversation.
Please note: We no longer use Disqus; your Disqus login/password will no longer work on this site.
If you would like to join the conversation, but don't have an account, you can sign up for one right here.
If you do have an account, but are having problems logging in or leaving a comment, it may be because of a browser extension or add-on, perhaps uBlock Origin or an ad blocker or something else. We want you to join the conversation, so perhaps disable browser extensions or your ad blocker until that "post comment" button appears. We look forward to seeing your comments below!





Post navigation
PreviousNext

 



Help Us Fight







Donate via Stripe, an alternative to Paypal

Search for:




recent Comments

PatD on BREAKING: Hungary Preparing To Prosecute Nazi Collaborator George Soros For NAZI War Crimes And MurdersStaff Sgt Chaos on BREAKING: Hungary Preparing To Prosecute Nazi Collaborator George Soros For NAZI War Crimes And MurdersStaff Sgt Chaos on BREAKING: Hungary Preparing To Prosecute Nazi Collaborator George Soros For NAZI War Crimes And MurdersStaff Sgt Chaos on BREAKING: Hungary Preparing To Prosecute Nazi Collaborator George Soros For NAZI War Crimes And MurdersJanD on The Greatest Ripoff in American History: Democrats Spent $100 Billion of Your Money on Climate Hoax 


Fund The Fight
We all need heroes.  Donate Monthly
Choose your subscription level






Subscriber : $18.00 USD - monthly
Contributor : $36.00 USD - monthly
Patron : $50.00 USD - monthly
Silver member : $100.00 USD - monthly
Gold member : $250.00 USD - monthly
Platinum member : $500.00 USD - monthly








books & Movies
By Pamela Geller





It is the conflict of our age, yet no one dares talk about it. The true story of the Islamic Supremacist war on free speech as told by those on the front lines fighting for our First Amendment rights,
					.
				
Buy Now





Pamela Geller tells her own story of how she became one of the world's foremost activists for the freedom of speech,
					individual rights, and equality of rights for all. "It's my story, it's what happens when someone fights for freedom in America today,"
					Geller explained.
				
Buy Now





Today Islamic supremacists are demanding more accommodation of Islamic principles
					and practices than ever, and daily growing more aggressive in eroding our freedoms – with politically
					correct public officials only too happy..
				
Buy Now





Popular conservative blogger Pamela Geller and New York Times bestselling author
					Robert Spencer sound a wake-up call for Americans to stop the Obama administration from limiting our
					hard-won...
				
Buy Now





The Ground Zero Mosque: The Second Wave of the 9/11 Attacks is a groundbreaking documentary on the controversy
                    over the planned Islamic supremacist mega-mosque at Ground Zero.
                
Buy Now



must See Video




VIDEO: Pamela Geller Discussing Massive Corruption in the FBI on OAN 

 








Explore

About
Articles
Books
Notable Quotables
Archive
Press
Contact
Disclaimer
Privacy Policy
 





Connect





































Subscribe To Our Newsletter

 




Copyright © 2023 Geller Report 

Geller Report
















Thanks for sharing!Thanks for sharing!
We invite you to become a Geller Report insider. Sign up for our free email newsletter, get the news the media won't cover.







