


















































EXTORTIONGATE Just Blew Up! | U. S. Politics | Before It's News



















You're using an Ad-Blocker.
BeforeItsNews only exists through ads.We ask all patriots who appreciate the evil we expose and want to
help us savage the NWO with more Truth to disable your ad-blocker on our site only so we can grow and expose more evil!Funding
gives us more weapons! Thank you patriots! Oh and If you disable the Ad-blocker - on your deathbed you will receive total
consciousness. So you got that going for you...which is nice!



Disable
Dismiss




 
Before It's News











Featured |
Economy |
Health |
Beyond Science |
Power of Belief |
Sustainable Living|
Inspiration |
Live |
Video |
Top 50 |
Most Recent |
Shopping |
Categories









Read the Beforeitsnews.com story here.
Advertise at Before It's News here.








By MILLENNIUM Reporter

Contributor profile |
More stories







Story Views



Now:



Last hour:



Last 24 hours:



Total:












EXTORTIONGATE Just Blew Up!


Thursday, April 1, 2021 8:39 






% of readers think this story is Fact. Add your two cents.
























TheMillenniumReport.com: Reporting the Most Important News of the Week
 
Deep State, C.I.A., DoJ, Military Intel & Democrat Party Conspire to Frame Rep. Gaetz to Extort His Wealthy Father for $25 MIL and Smear the Brave Florida Congressman to End His Political Career
 
  







HUGE
SCANDAL!
 
EXTORTIONGATE
 

Democrats Use Former DoJ Official
to Extort Wealthy Family of Trump-
Supporting Member of the U.S.
House of Representatives


DAVID MCGEE INCRIMINATED BY REP. MATT GAETZ FOR AN ATTEMPT TO EXTORT $25 MILLION FROM HIS FAMILY AND MALICIOUS SMEARING OF HIS NAME

State of the Nation
This sordid tale shows just how determined the Democrats are to get rid of the most conservative members in the US House of Representatives, especially those who are avid Trump supporters.
This complex criminal conspiracy carried out by the Biden Administration, Democrat Party, Deep State and U.S. Military Intelligence Community is as bad as it gets … especially because they got caught.
Although the facts are still being slowly disclosed, the rough outline of this shocking case of extraordinary corruption and criminality at the highest echelons of the US government clearly indicates an extraordinarily convoluted plot to take down a very conservative, Trump-supporting U.S. Congressman.
The Context
It’s critical to correctly understand the proper context here: the communist-run Democrat Crime Syndicate totally owns and operates the U.S. Federal Government … and they know it. 






This extremely unfortunate reality translates to a hardening Democrat MO that reflects the stark reality that they can get away with any naked crime spree, any wave of transparent corruption or any pattern of illicit conduct.  The stolen 2020 POTUS election is the best evidence of the unparalleled impunity that the Democrat Party now enjoys.
Let’s face it: When any thoroughly corrupt political party completely controls both the entire Mainstream Media and Law Enforcement at all levels, what criminal activity can’t they get away with?!
Enter one Rep. Matt Gaetz
If there is one member of the U.S. House of Representatives that the Democrats and RINOs want kicked out of Congress, it’s the unusually straightforward Matt Gaetz.
The exceedingly courageous representative from the very conservative Florida Panhandle really sealed his fate when he showed up in the Wyoming capital, on his own dime, to rightly excoriate RINO Liz Cheney for her betrayal of President Trump.  She voted for Trump’s second impeachment knowing full well that imposters Joe Biden and Kamala Harris outright stole the election.
The crucial point here is that Rep. Gaetz has been quite bravely outspoken about the unprecedented level of corruption on the part of the utterly deprave Democrats as well as the many crooked Republicans.
In light of these indisputable facts of political life, the DEMs and Deep State were out to get Gaetz and remove him from the Congress—FOREVER!
So, what did they all do: they colluded to hatch a plot so brazen, so reckless, so desperate that it smacks of the same chutzpah that the Democrats possessed to execute the epic 2020 election heist.
The following excerpt provide some of the most basic details of this criminal conspiracy to extort a US Congressman’s family that will surely develop into the “Democrat Scandal of the Year” — EXTORTIONgate!

The alleged extortion plot against Florida Rep. Matt Gaetz apparently involved two men blackmailing him with details about an alleged orgy with prostitutes in an effort to get his dad to cough up $25 million to help rescue American hostage Robert Levinson from Iran, according to reports on Wednesday.
The men, former federal prosecutor David McGee and ex-Air Force intelligence officer Bob Kent allegedly claimed that the FBI had photos of Gaetz in a “sexual orgy with underage prostitutes,” the Washington Examiner reported.
They asked his dad, Don Gaetz, for money to be used to free Levinson — in exchange for somehow getting the Department of Justice to drop its reported sex trafficking probe into the lawmaker, according to the Examiner.
Levinson, a former FBI agent and CIA contractor who vanished in Iran in 2007, was declared dead by his family last year.
The men who approached Gaetz’s dad had no apparent connection to the sex-crimes investigation but somehow learned about it before it was made public, The Washington Post reported.
The Examiner on Wednesday published a text message and a document that purport to show their proposal to the elder Gaetz, a prominent Florida Republican.
They show that Kent, a former Air Force intelligence analyst, allegedly texted Don Gaetz in mid-March saying that that he had a plan that could make his son’s “future legal and political problems go away,” and claiming that Levinson was still alive.
“I would like to talk with you immediately about the current federal investigation, and the indictment that is about to be filed against your son. I have a plan that can make his future legal and political problems go away,” the alleged text states.
 
“Last summer, we located Robert Levinson in Iran and took two proof of life videos, but the U.S. government foiled our rescue attempt. We have one more opportunity to rescue Levinson.”
The next day, Don Gaetz allegedly met with Kent, the Examiner reported, and he handed over a three-page document titled “Project Homecoming” that detailed the alleged federal probe against Matt Gaetz and how he could get out of it, as long as he coughed up $25 million.
The first page of the document, published by the outlet, is riddled with grammatical errors and claims the congressman is being investigated by the FBI for “various public corruption and public integrity issues.”
“Our strategy for Congressman Gaetz to mitigate his legal, and political, troubles would be for him, or someone else, to arrange for the funds required to obtain the immediate release of Robert Levinson from captivity in Iran,” the document states.
“In exchanged for the funds being arranged, and upon release of Robert Levinson, Congressman Gaetz shall be given credit for facilitating the release of Mr. Levinson… [he] shall also be on the plan that returns Mr. Levinson to freedom and shall be the person to ‘reunite’ Mr. Levinson with his family and being Mr. Levinson back to the United States.”
Don Gaetz contacted the FBI about the proposal and the agency is now investigating whether it constitutes an extortion attempt against the Gaetz family, according to the Washington Post.(Source: Sheer Depth and Breadth of Democrat’s Extortion Plot Against Gaetz Family Is Staggering)

Bob Kent, former Air Force “special tactics/intelligence officer”
Exactly how does military intel fit into this complicated scheme to falsely bring down a highly respected U.S. Congressmen?  As follows:

The mystery man at the center of Florida Republican Rep. Matt Gaetz’s charges that he was the target of an extortion scheme to make sex trafficking charges go away is a former U.S. Air Force intelligence officer with business interests in the Middle East who has been obsessed for years with rescuing former FBI agent Robert Levinson from Iran.
U.S. intelligence concluded years ago that Levinson, an FBI organized crime expert who disappeared in March 2007 during a covert CIA mission on Iran’s Kish Island, had died in custody, either in Iran or in the hands of Islamic militants. Levinson’s family accepted that finding last year.
But Bob Kent, an Air Force “special tactics/intelligence officer” from 2000 to 2007, remained undeterred. He never believed Levinson was dead and in 2018 began assembling a network of Iranian exile sources in Iraq, where he’s been involved in the oil business, to gather information on Levinson’s whereabouts and medical condition. Kent had also been an intelligence contractor with the U.S. government in Afghanistan, according to his LinkedIn page.
His sources had contacts inside Iran’s security organs, Kent told me three years ago when I was preparing a story for Newsweek on his and other private efforts to rescue Levinson. He showed me interor ministry and other security agency documents he’d obtained, which upon expert examination turned out to be a mix of clumsy fabrications and authentic papers of unconfirmed provenance. He now claims to have “proof of life” videos that the FBI says are “inconclusive.”
Shady money trees
Back in 2018 he and his associates told me that men “with CIA connections” had offered to pay his Iranian helpers $100,000 for a proof-of-life package, including fingerprints and a blood sample and what he and Kent’s associates claimed was a recent, 41-second video clip of Levinson. “Another $150,000” would be needed “for the rescue,” Kent told me. But just as he was preparing to leave for the Middle East on Dec. 10, 2018, with $250,000 cash in hand for payoffs, he said, the federal government short-circuited the caper over sanctions issues related to Iran
“I received a phone call informing me that the funding was withdrawn because the State Department and/or FBI threatened my sponsors” with prosecution, Kent told me.
Three years later, according to reports this week, Kent went looking for funding for another Levinson rescue mission, this time from Matt Gaetz’s father, a wealthy Florida businessman. According to copies of messages obtained by the conservative Washington Examiner newspaper, Kent told Don Gaetz that he could make his son’s “future legal and political problems go away” if he backed a rescue plan that would end up wrapping his son in wreaths of glory. Kent allegedly told the elder Gaetz that he would give his congressman son “credit for the operation” and help arrange “a presidential pardon for unnamed legal issues” if he put up $25 million for the operation, according to the newspaper.(Source: Former Air Force Intelligence Officer Plays Prominent Role in $25 MIL Extortion Attempt of Gaetz Family)


KEY POINTS: First, this incredibly bold extortion attempt revolves around a single fabricated sex allegation involving Rep. Gaetz which simply never happened.  Secondly, all of the major organs of propaganda and prevarication throughout the CIA’s Mockingbird Media are only publishing that fictitious piece of the black operation.  The New York Times went so far as to leak the information about the FBI’s extortion investigation in order to greatly undermine that secret probe.  That’s called OBSTRUCTION OF JUSTICE, and it represents an unambiguous case of a criminal complicity by the NYT as well as a stone-cold criminal cover-up. See: New York Times Leaked a Highly Sensitive Probe of Former DoJ Official to Undermine the FBI Investigation

Conclusion
The great state of Florida has had its share of HUGE scandals over the decades, but this one takes the cake.  The Democrat’s feeling of invincibility has led them to this stunning case of criminal conduct and depraved intentions.
For anyone who doubts just how big this Democrat debacle really is, watch the following video to grasp the shocking degree of institutional criminality of this rapidly developing scandal.  Even Tucker Carlson was left with his jaw hanging at the profundity and enormity of the proven accusations being leveled during prime time.

DEMOCRAT SCANDAL OF THE YEAR DEVELOPS IN FLORIDA (Video)

Sometimes the craziest outlier scandals are the ones that can bring down an entire institution, or maybe the whole rotten system.  One would think that THE GREAT STEALECTION of 2020 would have seen the Democrat party dissolved forever.   While it now appear that won’t happen, this Democrat criminal conspiracy–EXTORTIONgate— just may be the one that cracks open the much wider and deeper communist plot to overthrow the Trump administration and to take over the American Republic.
State of the Nation
March 31, 2021
References

BOMBSHELL! High-Level Ex-DOJ Official Accuse of Extorting $25 Million from Major Congressional Trump Supporter
This Beggs & Lane Attorney Was Just Accused of Extorting U.S. Congressman for $25,000,000!
Former DOJ Official David McGee Accused of Attempting to Extort Rep. Matt Gaetz (Video)

___
https://stateofthenation.co/?p=58637
 
TheMillenniumReport.com: Reporting the Most Important News of the Week
 
 

















Before It’s News® is a community of individuals who report on what’s going on around them, from all around the world.
Anyone can join.
Anyone can contribute.
Anyone can become informed about their world.
"United We Stand" Click Here To Create Your Personal Citizen Journalist
Account Today, Be Sure To Invite Your Friends.


Please Help Support BeforeitsNews by trying our Natural Health Products below!Order by Phone at 888-809-8385 or online at https://mitocopper.com M - F 9am to 5pm ESTOrder by Phone at 866-388-7003 or online at https://www.herbanomic.com M - F 9am to 5pm ESTOrder by Phone at 866-388-7003 or online at https://www.herbanomics.com M - F 9am to 5pm ESTHumic & Fulvic Trace Minerals Complex - Nature's most important supplement! Vivid Dreams again!HNEX HydroNano EXtracellular Water - Improve immune system health and reduce inflammation.Ultimate Clinical Potency Curcumin - Natural pain relief, reduce inflammation and so much more.MitoCopper - Bioavailable Copper destroys pathogens and gives you more energy. (See Blood Video)Oxy Powder - Natural Colon Cleanser!  Cleans out toxic buildup with oxygen!Nascent Iodine - Promotes detoxification, mental focus and thyroid health.Smart Meter Cover -  Reduces Smart Meter radiation by 96%! (See Video). 


















Related Stories

 












Comments
 Click here to cancel reply.

Your Comments


































Total 5 comments







Anonymous 

Our brave Congressman looks guiltier than hell to me. They don’t even start an investigation like this unless they basically have all the information all tied up and they know they can prove it. This jerkoff is in a world of hurt and even if he is found innocent by some miracle, his career is over. LOL, this dude is WEIRD.    




Apr 1, 2021, 11:16 am 








-2
Reply 







AJ 

And you’re an expert on…..nothing.




Apr 1, 2021, 1:53 pm 








0
Reply 







Debbie 

“they don’t even start an investigation like this unless they basically have all the information”……..what a total jack wad you are….the communists behave like all communists….they manufacture evidence, they frame people, they lie and then they double down on those lies….




Apr 1, 2021, 6:26 pm 








0
Reply 







Anonymous 

You are a numbnut paranoid BIN mentally ill doofus. Plus, you are paranoid. There was no evidence manufactured, he is just another Trumpturd who got caught. And when he goes to prison, which he will, how is Trump going to pardon that dumb asshole? He’s finished. He will make a beautiful piece of ass for the rest of the prisoners, though.




Apr 2, 2021, 12:26 pm 








0
Reply 











allendaves 

#2 SECOND COMING Thou Fool! “I come quickly” so “Hold fast till i come”… NOT …“in another 2000 yrs I might be coming soon any time now, so hold fast”!?! …those that deny the second coming of Christ in the war of AD70 are practicing a damnable heresy in denying the lord that bought them ( 2Peter 2:1-2 ;2Tim 4:8/ you cant love an appearing you deny& the context is the 2nd coming not the first)… Mat 7:23..”I NEVER KNEW YOU” …..Mat 10:33. But whosoever shall deny me before men……..sound familiar?…. If I said I am coming to your house in this generation when these things happen but no one knows the day or hour what fool would think I might be coming in 2000 years latter!?!? ..2 Tim 4: 4. And they shall turn away their ears from the truth, and shall be TURNED UNTO FABLES. 2Thess 2: 11. And for this cause God shall send them strong delusion, that they should believe a lie: 12. That they all might be damned who believed not the truth, but had pleasure in unrighteousness. DOWNLOAD FREE THE ENTIRE 480PG BOOK AT SEVERAL LOCATIONS https://www.scribd.com/doc/305366745/Revelation-the-First-Gospel-of-the-Kingdom or http://www.globethics.net/gtl/5455069 Revelation The First Gospel of The Kingdom or https://www.academia.edu/23464127/REVELATION_THE_FIRST_GOSPEL_OF_THE_KINGDOM 
https://www.scribd.com/doc/305367608/The-Trinity-Heresy OR https://www.academia.edu/23463667/THE_TRINITY_HERESY or http://www.globethics.net/gtl/10920799 THE TRINITY HERESY
Predestination….its true..its all true…download here https://www.scribd.com/doc/306868420/Most-True-Christians-Go-to-Hell http://www.globethics.net/gtl/10920800 Most true Christians go to hell https://www.academia.edu/25217564/Most_True_Christains_Go_to_Hell




Apr 1, 2021, 12:06 pm 








0
Reply 














MOST RECENT











Load more ...









HELP KEEP NEWS FREE
DONATE HERE


OLD VERSION


FORUM








Online:



Visits:
1,468,095,627


Stories:
7,870,938





Wanted: Citizen Reporters,Whistler Blowers, Insiders
CLICK HERE TO UPLOAD NEWS!




God's Word - Psalm 124 Listen to God's Word on Youtube! Donate to Share God's Word!













Loading... 





"Not by might, nor by power, but by my spirit, saith the Lord of hosts." Zechariah 4:6


BEFORE IT'S NEWS ON TELEGRAM
GET THE TELEGRAM APP - https://telegram.org/
JOIN OUR CHANNEL - https://t.me/BeforeitsNews


Read it..
BEFORE IT'S NEWS
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER



Submit




Today's Top Stories

Trump Puts The DeepState On Notice - Media Scrambling - Its The End Of The World As They've Known It!Stage Set! Drop Clinton Crime Videos in Times Square! Unimaginable Treason! Pure Evil! Hell on Earth!New Patriot Underground & Ben Fulford Intel: CFR & Distraction Wars - Underground Truth Accelerating - Giza, Soledar & Bakhmut - Taiwan Invasion Prep - China Boosts Semi-Conductor ChipSG Anon: How We Must Take Action (Video) New Benjamin Fulford on Fake Pandemics and System ResetBombshell: FOIA Documents Reveal COVID Pandemic Was a DOD Operation Dating Back to Obama! - 'Pfizer' Caught Admitting "Babies Died During the 'mRNA' COVID-19 Vaccine Trials- Gates Foundation Insider Admits...Mel K - Who is ACTUALLY Running The White House? - Flyover ConservativesNew Benjamin Fulford March Huge Intel 03-05-23Katie Hobbs Busted for Accepting Bribes, Ohio Rail Derailment Update, 144000, Anti-Christ and More (Video) X22 Report - Trump Is Vengeance! War-Like Posture Activated! Thank You For Playing! - Must Video 










Loading... 


 


Featured

New SGTReport: 33 Masonic Symbolism via Sofia SmallstormLife and Death Situation in California / Who Will Stand UP via The Real BPEarthWatchRed Alert: It's Going Down! You Must Prepare Now! - Patrick Humphrey NewsNew David Rodriguez: SPACEFORCE- "Truth From Conspiracy" - Captain Chuck Ruffin ExplainsForced Evacuations Coming? Are The EPA & CDC Colluding To Force Americans From Homes Using CERCLA? The Great Ohio Land Grab? - Tim TruthGet Ammo Ready! Government Warning On World War! - Full Spectrum SurvivalOur Grammar Has Been Compromised...We've Been Under A 'Word Spell'...Russell-Jay:Gould. Feature On The Michelle Moore Show (VIDEO)Prophecy News - 'Watch..', given to Cherrie Archer by Jesus, March 4th, 2023The 3 Wars Of The Apocalypse27 Health Benefits Everyone Should Know 










Loading... 


 


Top Global

New SGTReport: 33 Masonic Symbolism via Sofia SmallstormLife and Death Situation in California / Who Will Stand UP via The Real BPEarthWatchGet Ammo Ready! Government Warning On World War! - Full Spectrum SurvivalNew David Rodriguez: SPACEFORCE- "Truth From Conspiracy" - Captain Chuck Ruffin ExplainsThe 3 Wars Of The ApocalypseQ Drop - Benjamin Fulford Intel: CFR & Distraction Wars 2023And Here We All Are (Video)27 Health Benefits Everyone Should KnowThe Truth About Ukraine Isn't Being Reported...Banned In France, This Eye-Opening Documentary Cuts The Spin & Reveals What Has Really Happened! (VIDEO)Katie Hobbs Busted for Accepting Bribes, Ohio Rail Derailment Update, 144000, Anti-Christ and More (Video)  









Top Alternative

Flip Flop Fauci Must Go To JailHealthy Body, Healthier BrainProof the Jabbed Are Trackable Everywhere: The Vaccinated Are Marked and Cannot Be UnmarkedTrump update 03/05/2023..Donald Trump wins CPAC straw poll with 62% of the voteGeoengineering Watch Global Alert News, March 4,Being Old Is a State of MindDefeating the World Economic Forum’s ‘Great Reset’ Before It Destroys UsThe Fundamental Transformation of AmericaFeds Refuse to Punish Illegal Aliens for Killing EagleAuthorities Decided to Drain This River But Didn't Expect to Find This at the Bottom 



 






SignUp
Login






About | Advertise With Us | FAQ | Contact
| Privacy | Terms of Service
| Copyright Notification | RSS Subscribe | Widgets
Portions copyright © 2023 NSearch Technology, Inc., All Rights Reserved.Before It's News® is a registered Service Mark of NSearch Technology,
Inc..



Newsletter
Email this story
Email this story








If you really want to ban this commenter, please write down the reason:




If you really want to disable all recommended stories, click on OK button. After that, you will be redirect to your options page.







