


















































Bombshell - Former Pfizer VP - ‘Entirely Possible This Will Be Used for Massive-Scale Depopulation’ | EU | Before It's News



















You're using an Ad-Blocker.
BeforeItsNews only exists through ads.We ask all patriots who appreciate the evil we expose and want to
help us savage the NWO with more Truth to disable your ad-blocker on our site only so we can grow and expose more evil!Funding
gives us more weapons! Thank you patriots! Oh and If you disable the Ad-blocker - on your deathbed you will receive total
consciousness. So you got that going for you...which is nice!



Disable
Dismiss




 
Before It's News











Featured |
Economy |
Health |
Beyond Science |
Power of Belief |
Sustainable Living|
Inspiration |
Live |
Video |
Top 50 |
Most Recent |
Shopping |
Categories









Read the Beforeitsnews.com story here.
Advertise at Before It's News here.








By The Tap Blog

Contributor profile |
More stories







Story Views



Now:



Last hour:



Last 24 hours:



Total:





 






Bombshell - Former Pfizer VP - ‘Entirely Possible This Will Be Used for Massive-Scale Depopulation’


Tuesday, March 30, 2021 5:41 






% of readers think this story is Fact. Add your two cents.

























by tts-admin | Mar 30, 2021 | 1 comment


by Mordechai Sones – America’s Frontline Doctors March 25, 2021
America’s Frontline Doctors (AFLDS) spoke to former Pfizer Vice President and Chief Science Officer Dr. Mike Yeadon about his views on the COVID-19 vaccine, hydroxychloroquine and ivermectin, the regulatory authorities, and more.
At the outset, Dr. Yeadon said “I’m well aware of the global crimes against humanity being perpetrated against a large proportion of the worlds population.
“I feel great fear, but I’m not deterred from giving expert testimony to multiple groups of able lawyers like Rocco Galati in Canada and Reiner Fuellmich in Germany.
“I have absolutely no doubt that we are in the presence of evil (not a determination I’ve ever made before in a 40-year research career) and dangerous products.
“In the U.K., it’s abundantly clear that the authorities are bent on a course which will result in administering ‘vaccines’ to as many of the population as they can. This is madness, because even if these agents were legitimate, protection is needed only by those at notably elevated risk of death from the virus. In those people, there might even be an argument that the risks are worth bearing. And there definitely are risks which are what I call ‘mechanistic’: inbuilt in the way they work.
“But all the other people, those in good health and younger than 60 years, perhaps a little older, they don’t perish from the virus. In this large group, it’s wholly unethical to administer something novel and for which the potential for unwanted effects after a few months is completely uncharacterized.
“In no other era would it be wise to do what is stated as the intention.
“Since I know this with certainty, and I know those driving it know this too, we have to enquire: What is their motive?
“While I don’t know, I have strong theoretical answers, only one of which relates to money and that motive doesn’t work, because the same quantum can be arrived at by doubling the unit cost and giving the agent to half as many people. Dilemma solved. So it’s something else.
Appreciating that, by entire population, it is also intended that minor children and eventually babies are to be included in the net, and that’s what I interpret to be an evil act.
“There is no medical rationale for it. Knowing as I do that the design of these ‘vaccines’ results, in the expression in the bodies of recipients, expression of the spike protein, which has adverse biological effects of its own which, in some people, are harmful (initiating blood coagulation and activating the immune ‘complement system’), I’m determined to point out that those not at risk from this virus should not be exposed to the risk of unwanted effects from these agents.”
AFLDS: The Israel Supreme Court decision last week cancelling COVID flight restrictions said: “In the future, any new restrictions on travel into or out of Israel need, in legal terms, a comprehensive, factual, data-based foundation.”
In a talk you gave four months ago, you said
“The most likely duration of immunity to a respiratory virus like SARS CoV-2 is multiple years. Why do I say that? We actually have the data for a virus that swept through parts of the world seventeen years ago called SARS, and remember SARS CoV-2 is 80% similar to SARS, so I think that’s the best comparison that anyone can provide.
“The evidence is clear: These very clever cellular immunologists studied all the people they could get hold of who had survived SARS 17 years ago. They took a blood sample, and they tested whether they responded or not to the original SARS and they all did; they all had perfectly normal, robust T cell memory. They were actually also protected against SARS CoV-2, because they’re so similar; it’s cross immunity.
“So, I would say the best data that exists is that immunity should be robust for at least 17 years. I think it’s entirely possible that it is lifelong. The style of the responses of these people’s T cells were the same as if you’ve been vaccinated and then you come back years later to see if that immunity has been retained. So I think the evidence is really strong that the duration of immunity will be multiple years, and possibly lifelong.”
In other words, previous exposure to SARS – that is, a variant similar to SARS CoV-2 – bestowed SARS CoV-2 immunity.
The Israel government cites new variants to justify lockdowns, flight closures, restrictions, and Green Passport issuance. Given the Supreme Court verdict, do you think it may be possible to preempt future government measures with accurate information about variants, immunity, herd immunity, etc. that could be provided to the lawyers who will be challenging those future measures?
Yeadon: “What I outlined in relation to immunity to SARS is precisely what we’re seeing with SARS-CoV-2.The study is from one of the best labs in their field.
“So, theoretically, people could test their T-cell immunity by measuring the responses of cells in a small sample of their blood. There are such tests, they are not “high throughput” and they are likely to cost a few hundred USD each on scale. But not thousands. The test I’m aware of is not yet commercially available, but research only in U.K.
“However, I expect the company could be induced to provide test kits “for research” on scale, subject to an agreement. If you were to arrange to test a few thousand non vaccinated Israelis, it may be a double edged sword. Based on other countries experiences, 30-50% of people had prior immunity & additionally around 25% have been infected & are now immune.
“Personally, I wouldn’t want to deal with the authorities on their own terms: that you’re suspected as a source of infection until proven otherwise. You shouldn’t need to be proving you’re not a health risk to others. Those without symptoms are never a health threat to others. And in any case, once those who are concerned about the virus are vaccinated, there is just no argument for anyone else needing to be vaccinated.”
My understanding of a “leaky vaccine” is that it only lessens symptoms in the vaccinated, but does not stop transmission; it therefore allows the spread of what then becomes a more deadly virus.
For example, in China they deliberately use leaky Avian Flu vaccines to quickly cull flocks of chicken, because the unvaccinated die within three days. In Marek’s Disease, from which they needed to save all the chickens, the only solution was to vaccinate 100% of the flock, because all unvaccinated were at high risk of death. So how a leaky vax is utilized is intention-driven, that is, it is possible that the intent can be to cause great harm to the unvaccinated.
Stronger strains usually would not propagate through a population because they kill the host too rapidly, but if the vaccinated experience only less-serious disease, then they spread these strains to the unvaccinated who contract serious disease and die.
Do you agree with this assessment? Furthermore, do you agree that if the unvaccinated become the susceptible ones, the only way forward is HCQ prophylaxis for those who haven’t already had COVID-19?
Would the Zelenko Protocol work against these stronger strains if this is the case?
And if many already have the aforementioned previous “17-year SARS immunity”, would that then not protect from any super-variant?
“I think the Gerrt Vanden Bossche story is highly suspect. There is no evidence at all that vaccination is leading or will lead to ‘dangerous variants’. I am worried that it’s some kind of trick.
“As a general rule, variants form very often, routinely, and tend to become less dangerous & more infectious over time, as it comes into equilibrium with its human host. Variants generally don’t become more dangerous.
“No variant differs from the original sequence by more than 0.3%. In other words, all variants are at least 99.7% identical to the Wuhan sequence.
“It’s a fiction, and an evil one at that, that variants are likely to “escape immunity”.
“Not only is it intrinsically unlikely – because this degree of similarity of variants means zero chance that an immune person (whether from natural infection or from vaccination) will be made ill by a variant – but it’s empirically supported by high-quality research.
“The research I refer to shows that people recovering from infection or who have been vaccinated ALL have a wide range of immune cells which recognize ALL the variants.
“This paper shows WHY the extensive molecular recognition by the immune system makes the tiny changes in variants irrelevant.
“I cannot say strongly enough: The stories around variants and need for top up vaccines are FALSE. I am concerned there is a very malign reason behind all this. It is certainly not backed by the best ways to look at immunity. The claims always lack substance when examined, and utilize various tricks, like manipulating conditions for testing the effectiveness of antibodies. Antibodies are probably rather unimportant in host protection against this virus. There have been a few ‘natural experiments’, people who unfortunately cannot make antibodies, yet are able quite successfully to repel this virus. They definitely are better off with antibodies than without. I mention these rare patients because they show that antibodies are not essential to host immunity, so some contrived test in a lab of antibodies and engineered variant viruses do NOT justify need for top up vaccines.
“The only people who might remain vulnerable and need prophylaxis or treatment are those who are elderly and/or ill and do not wish to receive a vaccine (as is their right).
“The good news is that there are multiple choices available: hydroxychloroquine, ivermectin, budesonide (inhaled steroid used in asthmatics), and of course oral Vitamin D, zinc, azithromycin etc. These reduce the severity to such an extent that this virus did not need to become a public health crisis.”
Do you feel the FDA does a good job regulating big pharma? In what ways does big pharma get around the regulator? Do you feel they did so for the mRNA injection?
“Until recently, I had high regard for global medicines regulators. When I was in Pfizer, and later CEO of a biotech I founded (Ziarco, later acquired by Novartis), we interacted respectfully with FDA, EMA, and the U.K. MHRA.Always good quality interactions.
“Recently, I noticed that the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation (BMGF) had made a grant to the Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency (MHRA)! Can that ever be appropriate? They’re funded by public money. They should never accept money from a private body.
“So here is an example where the U.K. regulator has a conflict of interest.
“The European Medicines Agency failed to require certain things as disclosed in the ‘hack’ of their files while reviewing the Pfizer vaccine.
“You can find examples on Reiner Fuellmich’s “Corona Committee” online.
“So I no longer believe the regulators are capable of protecting us. ‘Approval’ is therefore meaningless.
“Dr. Wolfgang Wodarg and I petitioned the EMA Dec 1, 2020 on the genetic vaccines. They ignored us.
“Recently, we wrote privately to them, warning of blood clots, they ignored us. When we went public with our letter, we were completely censored. Days later, more than ten countries paused use of a vaccine citing blood clots.
“I think the big money of pharma plus cash from BMGF creates the environment where saying no just isn’t an option for the regulator.
“I must return to the issue of ‘top up vaccines’ (booster shots) and it is this whole narrative which I fear will he exploited and used to gain unparalleled power over us.
“PLEASE warn every person not to go near top up vaccines. There is absolutely no need to them.
“As there’s no need for them, yet they’re being made in pharma, and regulators have stood aside (no safety testing), I can only deduce they will be used for nefarious purposes.
“For example, if someone wished to harm or kill a significant proportion of the worlds population over the next few years, the systems being put in place right now will enable it. “It’s my considered view that it is entirely possible that this will be used for massive-scale depopulation.”
Source

BOMBSHELL! Former Pfizer VP: ‘Entirely possible this will be used for massive-scale depopulation’



 






Source:  https://tapnewswire.com/2021/03/bombshell-former-pfizer-vp-entirely-possible-this-will-be-used-for-massive-scale-depopulation/ 














Before It’s News® is a community of individuals who report on what’s going on around them, from all around the world.
Anyone can join.
Anyone can contribute.
Anyone can become informed about their world.
"United We Stand" Click Here To Create Your Personal Citizen Journalist
Account Today, Be Sure To Invite Your Friends.


Please Help Support BeforeitsNews by trying our Natural Health Products below!Order by Phone at 888-809-8385 or online at https://mitocopper.com M - F 9am to 5pm ESTOrder by Phone at 866-388-7003 or online at https://www.herbanomic.com M - F 9am to 5pm ESTOrder by Phone at 866-388-7003 or online at https://www.herbanomics.com M - F 9am to 5pm ESTHumic & Fulvic Trace Minerals Complex - Nature's most important supplement! Vivid Dreams again!HNEX HydroNano EXtracellular Water - Improve immune system health and reduce inflammation.Ultimate Clinical Potency Curcumin - Natural pain relief, reduce inflammation and so much more.MitoCopper - Bioavailable Copper destroys pathogens and gives you more energy. (See Blood Video)Oxy Powder - Natural Colon Cleanser!  Cleans out toxic buildup with oxygen!Nascent Iodine - Promotes detoxification, mental focus and thyroid health.Smart Meter Cover -  Reduces Smart Meter radiation by 96%! (See Video). 


















Related Stories

 












Comments
 Click here to cancel reply.

Your Comments


































Total 12 comments







beLIEve 

28 July 2015
WHO (World Health Organisation) MEMO$ from 1972 explain how to TURN VACCINES INTO A MEAN$ of KILLING. . First published 2009.  
CORONAVIRU$ Isolated From Humans, PATENT Timeline  
Why Are We In Lockdown-As Of 19 March 2020, COVID-19 Is No Longer Considered To Be A High Consequence Infectious Disease (HCID) In The UK
https://thebridgelifeinthemix.info/british-politics/lockdown-as-19-march-2020-covid-19-longer-considered-high-consequence-infectious-diseases-hcid-uk/
100 BULLET POINT FACT$ to show the C – 19 is BASED entirely ON FICTION:  
https://thebridgelifeinthemix.info/british-law/evidence-covid-19-pandemic-false/
It needs to be understood that the UNITED NATIONS is a ROTH$CHILD creation and acts as the WORLD government FOR the BANK$.
It is now time to demolish it so that I$RAEL, another ROTH$CHILD CREATION, can form a NEW GLOBAL GOVERNMENT in I$RAEL under the TALMUDIC NOAHIDE PLATFORM.  This is the role of KING CYRUS, to emancipate the supremacist’s that control I$RAEL and GIVE THEM the WORLD UNDER MEDICAL DICTATORSHIP. Now you can understand the current PANDEMIC as the means to UPROOTING the UN.
Those that formed the following agenda will also CONTROL the NEW PLATFORM IN I$RAEL and of course will continue everything achieved by the UNITED NATION$ and it’$ ….WORLD HEALTH ORGANI$ATION. BILL GATES I$ a front for the CIA, the Rockefellers and ultimately the Rothschilds. DO NOT BE DECEIVED.  
LOCKDOWN News  
Two KEY MEMORANDUM$ from the World Health Organisation, (WHO)…….




Mar 30, 2021, 7:13 am 








-1
Reply 







beLIEve 

……CONTINUED….from my incomplete post above…….    
LOCKDOWN NEWS  
Two KEY MEMORANDUM$ from the World Health Organisation, (WHO) discovered by PATRICK JORDAN, show the WHO has INTENTIONALLY CREATED the three-shot KILLER VACCINE,  with the intent under pandemic regulations, to FORCE PEOPLE to TAKE A$ MANDATORY under some FANTA$Y CORPORATE DECLARED MELTDOWN. 
It is the CONTINGENCY ACT 2004 in the U.K., the PATRIOT ACT in the U.S. with all other nations under the U.N. controlled insolvency administration platforms having there own version, that the incorporated governments will MOVE TO ENFORCE the MADNE$$ you are going to read about in this report.  
Many statutes were changed during the 2009 flu script that will allow the State to enforce vaccinations under the mental health platform you promote with vigour, without recognising the SHADOW AGENDA ready to become the  RULES  OF the CORPORATE STATE.  
Pandemic Influenza Preparedness Framework, PDF  
UNDERSTAND one thing, all this Legal LEGISLATION applies only to the Person, it HAS NO JURISDICTION IN the WORLD OF MAN.  Study :
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LD4fNy2T3cg&t=5s
1972 WHO Bulletin 47, No 2 Memoranda #1 and #2 
Virus-associated immunopathology :
ANIMAL MODELS and implications for human disease technically outline the ability to CREATE BIOLOGICAL WEAPONS IN the FORM of VACCINES…….THAT………




Mar 30, 2021, 7:14 am 








0
Reply 







beLIEve 

……CONTINUED….from my incomplete post above…….    
ANIMAL MODELS and implications for human disease technically outline the ability to CREATE BIOLOGICAL WEAPONS IN the FORM of VACCINES…….THAT…… CREATE….  
1) TOTALLY DISABLE the IMMUNE SYSTEM.  
2) LOAD EVERY CELL of …VICTIM’$….BODY WITH…INFECTION….  
3) SWITCH the IMMUNE SYSTEM ON….CAUSING…the HOST TO KILL THEMSELVES….IN A CYTOKINE STORM.
ONE, TWO, THREE, DEAD.  
These WHO Memoranda’s describe the THREE-STAGE IMPACT OF the THREE SHOTS many people will be forced to take in the autumn to allegedly treat a virus that WHO also helped create and release.
This is a crucial piece of evidence of WHO’s long-term intentions because these memorandums give the best and fullest insight into the WHO and AFFILIATED LABS, (such as the CDC) and their current activities, activities such as the patenting of the most lethal bird flu viruses available, and sending the virus to BAXTER’$ subsidiary in AUSTRIA, which WEAPONISED IT…AND…SENT OUT 72 KILOS TO 16 LABS IN FOUR COUNTRIES ALMOST TRIGGERING….A GLOBAL PANDEMIC.    
For every CRIME, there needs to be MOTIVE, an indication that it was deliberate, A PLANNED EVENT.  The WHO MEMORANDUM$ PROVIDE the EVIDENCE  OF just such a DELIBERATE LONG-TERM PLANNING TO KILL PEOPLE  BY WEAKENING THEIR IMMUNE SYSTEM by use of the FIRST VACCINE……. INJECTING
A LIVE VIRUS INTO the BODY BY a SECOND….AND….. CREATING A CYTOKINE STORM……USING SQUALENE and NAGALESE IN a THIRD.  
Video available here : https://153news.net/watch_video.php?v=SD2N7HWB4H2O
Download the WHO Memoranda on : here  
How did we arrive at 2020 :
Scroll down the PDF until you find :  
CLICK on LINK below for full article…….  
https://thebridgelifeinthemix.info/health/who-memos-1972-explains-how-to-turn-vaccines-into-a-means-of-killing/




Mar 30, 2021, 7:15 am 








0
Reply 











pocomotion 

In short, we are officially at war with governments around the world!




Mar 30, 2021, 9:16 am 








1
Reply 







Thomas-Michael 

No!
We Are officially and Eternally at war/War/WAR with governments around the world!
You are not alone…
…STAND:-)




Mar 30, 2021, 7:53 pm 








1
Reply 







Thomas-Michael 

No!
We Are officially and Eternally at war/War/WAR with governments around the world!
You are not alone…
…STAND:-)
Alone Again, Or…




Mar 30, 2021, 8:30 pm 








1
Reply 









Anonymous 

Rothschilds MARK of the BEAST vax, coming at Warp Speed. MAGGOT! MAGGOT MAGGOT!!
Look at the second video, filmed in an ISRAELI hospital, w/ the crisis actors speaking HEBREW and the orderlies garb in Hebrew?
https://halturnerradioshow.com/index.php/en/news-page/world/caught-fake-dead-bodies-for-future-propaganda-of-covid-deaths




Mar 31, 2021, 7:16 pm 








0
Reply 









GAN 

Hey Pfizer former VP take your vaccine and shove it up your ass.




Mar 30, 2021, 11:05 am 








1
Reply 







Ranger007 

Was just writing to my friend about him,then i saw this headlines..Here’s a youtube of him debunking everything SAGA Did…He was careful not to say why they lied,but he’s now coming out with the obvious conclusion..it either they are all so stupid,or they are out to kill us..they know what they are doing..FROM NOVEMBER https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8bX-wFVBP94&list=TLPQMjkxMTIwMjBlLeotUeZrxg&index=7&ab_channel=DouglasHowey




Mar 31, 2021, 12:44 am 








0
Reply 







Ranger007 

I meant SAGE




Mar 31, 2021, 12:45 am 








-1
Reply 







Wity 

BULLSHIT….!
HUMANS UNDER SATAN KILL HUMANS…..
AND YOU ARE GUILTY BECAUSE YOU ARE HUMAN….




Mar 31, 2021, 7:06 am 








1
Reply 







The Watcher 

NEVER TAKE ANY VACCINE    




Apr 1, 2021, 7:50 am 








0
Reply 














MOST RECENT











Load more ...









HELP KEEP NEWS FREE
DONATE HERE


OLD VERSION


FORUM








Online:



Visits:
1,467,990,242


Stories:
7,870,824





Wanted: Citizen Reporters,Whistler Blowers, Insiders
CLICK HERE TO UPLOAD NEWS!




God's Word - Hebrews Chapter 12 Listen to God's Word on Youtube! Donate to Share God's Word!













Loading... 





"Not by might, nor by power, but by my spirit, saith the Lord of hosts." Zechariah 4:6


BEFORE IT'S NEWS ON TELEGRAM
GET THE TELEGRAM APP - https://telegram.org/
JOIN OUR CHANNEL - https://t.me/BeforeitsNews


Read it..
BEFORE IT'S NEWS
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER



Submit




Today's Top Stories

Situation Update - America On The Brink! Deep State Continues To Trigger WW3! White Hats Plan For The Final Takedown! Coming Zombie Apocalypse! - We The People NewsNew Roseanne Barr and Alex Jones Interview! March 2023 Saturday SpecialTrump Puts The DeepState On Notice - Media Scrambling - Its The End Of The World As They've Known It!Get Out Now! - Federal Emergency - 10 States - "Super Dangerous" - Patrick Humphrey NewsNew Patriot Underground & Ben Fulford Intel: CFR & Distraction Wars - Underground Truth Accelerating - Giza, Soledar & Bakhmut - Taiwan Invasion Prep - China Boosts Semi-Conductor ChipPresidential Alert! Biden Administration Now Orders Total Lockdown! Constitution In Abeyyance! SG Anon: How We Must Take Action (Video) New Benjamin Fulford on Fake Pandemics and System ResetStage Set! Drop Clinton Crime Videos in Times Square! Unimaginable Treason! Pure Evil! Hell on Earth!Bombshell: FOIA Documents Reveal COVID Pandemic Was a DOD Operation Dating Back to Obama! - 'Pfizer' Caught Admitting "Babies Died During the 'mRNA' COVID-19 Vaccine Trials- Gates Foundation Insider Admits... 










Loading... 


 


Featured

X22 Report - Trump Is Vengeance! War-Like Posture Activated! Thank You For Playing! - Must VideoBreaking: Russia Just Issued Space Warning! Get Ready! - Grand Supreme NewsHow China Controls The Australian Economy! - Epic Economist The Most Doomed Cities & Why Technical Progress Has Stalled - Peter Thiel on The Rubin Report (Video)Fake New Age False Gurus & Spiritual Charlatans. Evil Deceivers Exposed Part 1. The Greatest New Age Lies and Misconceptions Exposed And We Know Interview With Dr. Kirk Elliott - There’s Always Hope With Your Finances, Regardless Of The State Of The Earth! - Must VideoNow They Can Actually Use WiFi “To See People Through Walls”Boots on the Ground…March 5th…Fires and Crashes…On purpose or accidents?Forecasting 2023 Earthquake Windows in the Magnetic AnomalyBeware the Ides of March is Here! The Next Two Weeks May Change Everything! 










Loading... 


 


Top Global

Katie Hobbs Busted for Accepting Bribes, Ohio Rail Derailment Update, 144000, Anti-Christ and More (Video) Breaking: Russia Just Issued Space Warning! Get Ready! - Grand Supreme NewsHow China Controls The Australian Economy! - Epic Economist Beware the Ides of March is Here! The Next Two Weeks May Change Everything!President Trump Alert! Massive Crowds Now Support Big Change in 2024 Election Cycle! New Information Shows A Major Superpower Is Closer To Collapsing Than We Thought! - Must VideoDefeating the World Economic Forum’s ‘Great Reset’ Before It Destroys UsBan mRNA Shots!, Real Black History, New COVID Ad, Space Facts, Amazon Kills, the Fetzer Boogie (Video) Palestinian/Israeli update 03/05/2023..International furor continues over Smotrich's Hawara statementHumanity’s real enemy – the World Economic Forum. 









Top Alternative

Proof the Jabbed Are Trackable Everywhere: The Vaccinated Are Marked and Cannot Be UnmarkedTrump update 03/05/2023..Donald Trump wins CPAC straw poll with 62% of the voteGeoengineering Watch Global Alert News, March 4,Being Old Is a State of MindDefeating the World Economic Forum’s ‘Great Reset’ Before It Destroys UsThe Fundamental Transformation of AmericaFeds Refuse to Punish Illegal Aliens for Killing EagleAuthorities Decided to Drain This River But Didn't Expect to Find This at the Bottom Iconic Restaurant Chains That Don't Exist Anymore in America New York: Strange Creature Caught on CCTV Camera 



 






SignUp
Login






About | Advertise With Us | FAQ | Contact
| Privacy | Terms of Service
| Copyright Notification | RSS Subscribe | Widgets
Portions copyright © 2023 NSearch Technology, Inc., All Rights Reserved.Before It's News® is a registered Service Mark of NSearch Technology,
Inc..



Newsletter
Email this story
Email this story








If you really want to ban this commenter, please write down the reason:




If you really want to disable all recommended stories, click on OK button. After that, you will be redirect to your options page.







