


















































Government Protects Vaccine Companies, But Rejects Compensation Scheme for Australians | EU | Before It's News



















You're using an Ad-Blocker.
BeforeItsNews only exists through ads.We ask all patriots who appreciate the evil we expose and want to
help us savage the NWO with more Truth to disable your ad-blocker on our site only so we can grow and expose more evil!Funding
gives us more weapons! Thank you patriots! Oh and If you disable the Ad-blocker - on your deathbed you will receive total
consciousness. So you got that going for you...which is nice!



Disable
Dismiss




 
Before It's News











Featured |
Economy |
Health |
Beyond Science |
Power of Belief |
Sustainable Living|
Inspiration |
Live |
Video |
Top 50 |
Most Recent |
Shopping |
Categories









Read the Beforeitsnews.com story here.
Advertise at Before It's News here.








By The Tap Blog

Contributor profile |
More stories







Story Views



Now:



Last hour:



Last 24 hours:



Total:





 






Government Protects Vaccine Companies, But Rejects Compensation Scheme for Australians


Thursday, April 1, 2021 6:33 






% of readers think this story is Fact. Add your two cents.





























 



As the Covid-19 vaccination rolls out in Australia, there are plenty of people sitting on the sidelines. This group has been described as having ‘vaccine hesitancy’.
Some people within this group are staunchly against vaccinations, but many others are just concerned that the vaccine has been rushed through truncated testing and approval processes, and would prefer to ‘wait and see’ what the potential side effects (if any) may be over the longer term.
Many believe this is their right – that the decision regarding whether or not to be vaccinated is a personal decision, and should not be dictated by government.
 Silencing expert opinions or preventing dissemination of disinformation?
While most medical professionals have stated that serious side-effects from Covid-19  vaccines are rare, those statements are not enough to placate everyone – especially given a joint directive was recently issued to health care professionals threatening sanctions for anyone who publicly disagrees with the current consensus.
The directive, issued by Medical Board of Australia and the Australian Health Practitioner Regulatory Agency, states: 






“Any promotion of anti-vaccination statements or health advice which contradicts the best available scientific evidence or seeks to actively undermine the national immunisation campaign (including via social media) is not supported by National Boards and may be in breach of the codes of conduct and subject to investigation and possible regulatory action.”
 Government protects vaccine manufacturers
Last year, the Australian Government announced it has given suppliers of two Covid-19 vaccines indemnity against liability for rare side-effects.
At the time, these suppliers were named as: AstraZeneca, and the University of Queensland vaccine from Seqirus (part of CSL).
 Concerns regarding government indemnity
Although details of the indemnity are not crystal clear, the federal government during the October 2020 budget to foot the bill for compensation in the event that a person successfully sues a Covid-19 vaccine supplier for ‘serious side effects’.
But concerns persist regarding the lack of clarity regarding the definition of ‘serious side effects’ and whether there is a cap on compensation. 






Other concerns include the exorbitant cost of taking civil proceedings against pharmaceuticals and the difficulties in establish proof that a vaccine caused the side effects.
 International indemnity and compensation schemes
Governments of many 25 countries have also agreed to indemnify Covid-19 vaccine manufacturers, but these nations have gone a step further by establishing compensation schemes for individuals who are effected.
These countries include the UK, US and those in the European Union.
The stated purpose of the policy is to expedite the development of vaccines whilst assuring members of the public they will be compensated if something goes wrong.
And while questions have been raised about these schemes, individuals are not required to take on pharmaceutical companies in costly and protracted court litigation.
 No compensation scheme in Australia
The Australian government has made clear it does not intend to implement such a scheme.
As stated on the health.gov.au website:
“The Government is not currently pursuing a no fault Covid-19 vaccine injury compensation scheme. Serious side effects are extremely rare. If you think you may be having an adverse reaction, you should seek immediate medical care.”
 Concerns about the AstraZeneca vaccine
The Australian Government has thus far chosen AstraZeneca and Pfizer to deliver vaccines to the population.
But already in Queensland, health authorities have temporarily suspended providing the AstraZeneca vaccine to those who are sensitive to anaphylactic responses, after four recipients had dangerous allergic reactions to the drug.
European nations including Germany, France, Denmark Italy, Portugal, Slovenia, Spain and Ireland also suspended the use of AstraZeneca’s Covid-19 vaccine over concerns its use may cause dangerous blood clots in some recipients.
It’s recently been revealed that AstraZeneca mistakenly gave some volunteers a half dose of the vaccine during clinical trials, and it has been criticised for omitting crucial information from its public statements.
US regulators have also questioned the accuracy of the company’s vaccine data.
The US National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases expressed concerns recently  that AstraZeneca had presented outdated data from a trial of the vaccine’s effectiveness. T
There have also been concerns that AstraZeneca entered the Covid-19 crisis with little vaccine experience, and all of this has dented the credibility of the vaccine in the eyes of the general public.
 Seeking compensation
So, currently, if a person in Australia believes they have been injured by the vaccine, they need to pursue any compensation through the legal system.
If the vaccine was supplied by AstraZeneca or CSL, then also under current policy, the government, rather than the drug company, would pay that compensation, should the person win their case.
However, this puts a significant burden on any person needing to seek compensation to pursue action through the legal system which can be both time-consuming and costly, with absolutely no guarantee of success. The other avenue for financial assistance
On the other hand, if a no-fault vaccine compensation system were in place, it would provide, when needed, easier access to compensation.
Such a scheme would also provide a sense of certainty, which many Australians are wanting right now, and which becomes even more critical if becoming vaccinated is dependent on things such as employment or travel.
While most people accept that a vaccine is a good solution and a key part of moving forward into a post Covid-19 normal, so much confusion about the potential risks, and a lack of real guarantees – such as the ability to seek compensation should something go wrong – have many seriously considering what information they can trust as they make decisions about their health.
https://www.sydneycriminallawyers.com.au/blog/government-protects-vaccine-companies-but-rejects-compensation-scheme-for-australians/?fbclid=IwAR3Ci51ULL2oQXneD_XWGwta3czwObH4f3vUl8-WmUXc4u6LdRle7a6ziCo

 

Source:  https://tapnewswire.com/2021/04/government-protects-vaccine-companies-but-rejects-compensation-scheme-for-australians/ 














Before It’s News® is a community of individuals who report on what’s going on around them, from all around the world.
Anyone can join.
Anyone can contribute.
Anyone can become informed about their world.
"United We Stand" Click Here To Create Your Personal Citizen Journalist
Account Today, Be Sure To Invite Your Friends.


Please Help Support BeforeitsNews by trying our Natural Health Products below!Order by Phone at 888-809-8385 or online at https://mitocopper.com M - F 9am to 5pm ESTOrder by Phone at 866-388-7003 or online at https://www.herbanomic.com M - F 9am to 5pm ESTOrder by Phone at 866-388-7003 or online at https://www.herbanomics.com M - F 9am to 5pm ESTHumic & Fulvic Trace Minerals Complex - Nature's most important supplement! Vivid Dreams again!HNEX HydroNano EXtracellular Water - Improve immune system health and reduce inflammation.Ultimate Clinical Potency Curcumin - Natural pain relief, reduce inflammation and so much more.MitoCopper - Bioavailable Copper destroys pathogens and gives you more energy. (See Blood Video)Oxy Powder - Natural Colon Cleanser!  Cleans out toxic buildup with oxygen!Nascent Iodine - Promotes detoxification, mental focus and thyroid health.Smart Meter Cover -  Reduces Smart Meter radiation by 96%! (See Video). 


















Related Stories

 












Comments
 Click here to cancel reply.

Your Comments







































MOST RECENT











Load more ...









HELP KEEP NEWS FREE
DONATE HERE


OLD VERSION


FORUM








Online:



Visits:
1,467,990,242


Stories:
7,870,824





Wanted: Citizen Reporters,Whistler Blowers, Insiders
CLICK HERE TO UPLOAD NEWS!




God's Word - Revelation Chapter 18 Listen to God's Word on Youtube! Donate to Share God's Word!













Loading... 





"Not by might, nor by power, but by my spirit, saith the Lord of hosts." Zechariah 4:6


BEFORE IT'S NEWS ON TELEGRAM
GET THE TELEGRAM APP - https://telegram.org/
JOIN OUR CHANNEL - https://t.me/BeforeitsNews


Read it..
BEFORE IT'S NEWS
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER



Submit




Today's Top Stories

Situation Update - America On The Brink! Deep State Continues To Trigger WW3! White Hats Plan For The Final Takedown! Coming Zombie Apocalypse! - We The People NewsNew Roseanne Barr and Alex Jones Interview! March 2023 Saturday SpecialTrump Puts The DeepState On Notice - Media Scrambling - Its The End Of The World As They've Known It!Get Out Now! - Federal Emergency - 10 States - "Super Dangerous" - Patrick Humphrey NewsNew Patriot Underground & Ben Fulford Intel: CFR & Distraction Wars - Underground Truth Accelerating - Giza, Soledar & Bakhmut - Taiwan Invasion Prep - China Boosts Semi-Conductor ChipPresidential Alert! Biden Administration Now Orders Total Lockdown! Constitution In Abeyyance! SG Anon: How We Must Take Action (Video) New Benjamin Fulford on Fake Pandemics and System ResetStage Set! Drop Clinton Crime Videos in Times Square! Unimaginable Treason! Pure Evil! Hell on Earth!Bombshell: FOIA Documents Reveal COVID Pandemic Was a DOD Operation Dating Back to Obama! - 'Pfizer' Caught Admitting "Babies Died During the 'mRNA' COVID-19 Vaccine Trials- Gates Foundation Insider Admits... 










Loading... 


 


Featured

X22 Report - Trump Is Vengeance! War-Like Posture Activated! Thank You For Playing! - Must VideoBreaking: Russia Just Issued Space Warning! Get Ready! - Grand Supreme NewsHow China Controls The Australian Economy! - Epic Economist The Most Doomed Cities & Why Technical Progress Has Stalled - Peter Thiel on The Rubin Report (Video)Fake New Age False Gurus & Spiritual Charlatans. Evil Deceivers Exposed Part 1. The Greatest New Age Lies and Misconceptions Exposed And We Know Interview With Dr. Kirk Elliott - There’s Always Hope With Your Finances, Regardless Of The State Of The Earth! - Must VideoNow They Can Actually Use WiFi “To See People Through Walls”Boots on the Ground…March 5th…Fires and Crashes…On purpose or accidents?Forecasting 2023 Earthquake Windows in the Magnetic AnomalyBeware the Ides of March is Here! The Next Two Weeks May Change Everything! 










Loading... 


 


Top Global

Katie Hobbs Busted for Accepting Bribes, Ohio Rail Derailment Update, 144000, Anti-Christ and More (Video) Breaking: Russia Just Issued Space Warning! Get Ready! - Grand Supreme NewsHow China Controls The Australian Economy! - Epic Economist Beware the Ides of March is Here! The Next Two Weeks May Change Everything!President Trump Alert! Massive Crowds Now Support Big Change in 2024 Election Cycle! New Information Shows A Major Superpower Is Closer To Collapsing Than We Thought! - Must VideoDefeating the World Economic Forum’s ‘Great Reset’ Before It Destroys UsBan mRNA Shots!, Real Black History, New COVID Ad, Space Facts, Amazon Kills, the Fetzer Boogie (Video) Palestinian/Israeli update 03/05/2023..International furor continues over Smotrich's Hawara statementHumanity’s real enemy – the World Economic Forum. 









Top Alternative

Proof the Jabbed Are Trackable Everywhere: The Vaccinated Are Marked and Cannot Be UnmarkedTrump update 03/05/2023..Donald Trump wins CPAC straw poll with 62% of the voteGeoengineering Watch Global Alert News, March 4,Being Old Is a State of MindDefeating the World Economic Forum’s ‘Great Reset’ Before It Destroys UsThe Fundamental Transformation of AmericaFeds Refuse to Punish Illegal Aliens for Killing EagleAuthorities Decided to Drain This River But Didn't Expect to Find This at the Bottom Iconic Restaurant Chains That Don't Exist Anymore in America New York: Strange Creature Caught on CCTV Camera 



 






SignUp
Login






About | Advertise With Us | FAQ | Contact
| Privacy | Terms of Service
| Copyright Notification | RSS Subscribe | Widgets
Portions copyright © 2023 NSearch Technology, Inc., All Rights Reserved.Before It's News® is a registered Service Mark of NSearch Technology,
Inc..



Newsletter
Email this story
Email this story








If you really want to ban this commenter, please write down the reason:




If you really want to disable all recommended stories, click on OK button. After that, you will be redirect to your options page.







