




"Throw Me in Jail" - EU Officials Slam COVID Passports, Medical Tyranny in Stunning Press Conference










 


 












































Infowars.com
Newswars.com
PrisonPlanet.com
Home




















"Throw Me in Jail" - EU Officials Slam COVID Passports, Medical Tyranny in Stunning Press Conference


Dan Lyman

November 01, 2021









Share this article

 
A group of European Union officials is pushing back against forced vaccinations and COVID restrictions imposed across the continent by an increasingly tyrannical ruling class.Members of European Parliament (MEPs) from at least four countries have banded together to voice staunch opposition to violations of the "basic human rights" of citizens of European nations.Led by MEP Cristian Terheş of Romania, the faction has delivered scorching speeches during recent press conferences.MEPs start gathering to defend fundamental rights of EU citizens and oppose mandatory vaccination and the Green Certificate @SincicMEP @ladyonorato @AndersonAfDMdEPhttps://t.co/IubXP3nFiH pic.twitter.com/CKaxokx7C9— Cristian Terhes MEP (@CristianTerhes) October 21, 2021

Footage from a presser in Brussels on Saturday has gone viral, racking up hundreds of thousands of views across multiple platforms."I will not be reduced to a mere guinea pig by getting vaccinated with an experimental drug. And I will most assuredly not get vaccinated because my government tells me to, and promises, in return, I will be granted freedom," said MEP Christine Anderson of Germany."Let's be clear about one thing: No one grants me freedom, for I am a free person. So I dare the European Commission and the German government to throw me in jail. Lock me up and throw away the key for all I care, but you will never be able to coerce me into being vaccinated if I, the free citizen that I am, choose not to be vaccinated."Anderson concluded by warning health passports are the first step towards an "insufferable Chinese social credit system."Italian MEP Francesca Donato echoed similar sentiments, stressing the fact that rights of Europeans are being crushed by compulsory health passports to work, travel, shop, and simply exist as free people.MEP Ivan Sinčić of Croatia defended medical freedom, asserting Europeans are entitled to choose their own therapies, even for COVID-19.He also called for financial penalties imposed upon Europeans who 'violate' COVID restrictions to be removed and refunds provided to all who have been fined."They are not going to stop, my friends, but they must be stopped. This is not going to stop by itself. It will spread. It will come to your door. It will blackmail your life, every piece of your life," Sinčić urged."I call upon all the free people of Europe to resist the Digital Green Certificate wherever you can. Fight for your rights."MEP Terheş closed the presser with blistering condemnation of fellow E.U. officials who claim to represent the "most democratic institution" while stripping the "fundamental rights" of Europeans and forcing them to fund their own medical slavery."The question I address not only to you in the Parliament, but to every European citizen, to ask your own governments: Were you properly informed about what is going on?" Terheş asked. "Because we had many debates at the beginning of this year in Parliament, where we demanded full access to contracts signed between these companies that produce the vaccines and the European Union."Holding up heavily-redacted copies of said contracts, Terheş continued, "So you're imposing a medical product upon European citizens without them knowing what's in these contracts? Not only do they not know, but we [MEPs] don't know.""I want to show you some of those pages and you tell me if it's okay for European citizens to be exposed to this situation where they can't go to work, can't go into a store, can't take their kids to school, cannot travel freely from one country to another, unless if one is vaccinated with one of these products."REPORT: Big Pharma forced the World's Governments to sign SECRET AGREEMENTS. - Prohibited from sharing details with the public. - Romanian MEP Cristian Terheș pic.twitter.com/v0B1eH5qIK— New Granada (@NewGranada1979) October 30, 2021

"As a former U.S. president said, 'Freedom and liberty is only one generation away from extinction.' We are living in that type of time right now, and it is our duty and our call to fight for liberty," Terheş concluded.
Alex Jones breaks down the viral footage of a man in Thailand shaking uncontrollably in a vax center as staff tell witnesses to calm down.(PHOTO: Screenshot / YouTube)Dan Lyman on Gab

Mass censorship of conservatives, libertarians and nationalists is exploding.  Please subscribe to our newsletter so we can still deliver to you our latest, breaking news!





 

EU, vaccine passport, COVID, vaccine








About Dan Lyman

			Dan Lyman serves as a foreign correspondent for Infowars.
		

Europe



 







Previous Post






climate change, energy, Switzerland, globalism
Majority of Swiss Refuse to Pay More for Fuel, Heating to Meet Climate Change Goals – Survey





RT



November 01, 2021








Next Post






Germany, vaccine, COVID
German Companies Creating Segregated Canteens For Vaccinated and Unvaccinated





Paul Joseph Watson



November 02, 2021






 























Recent Posts



 



Infowars Europe


On-the-ground, investigative journalism reporting the most important news stories in Europe & the world! Here you’ll find censored media stories which are critical for staying up-to-date with world events and for understanding the incredible times we’re living in! Make Europewars.com a part of your daily news regimen!
		


  



 















 

                    © 2023 Infowars Europe. All right Reserved.
                    












×
Search
















Close



















