


















































Is Chlorine Dioxide a Miracle Cure? | Strange | Before It's News



















You're using an Ad-Blocker.
BeforeItsNews only exists through ads.We ask all patriots who appreciate the evil we expose and want to
help us savage the NWO with more Truth to disable your ad-blocker on our site only so we can grow and expose more evil!Funding
gives us more weapons! Thank you patriots! Oh and If you disable the Ad-blocker - on your deathbed you will receive total
consciousness. So you got that going for you...which is nice!



Disable
Dismiss




 
Before It's News











Featured |
Economy |
Health |
Beyond Science |
Power of Belief |
Sustainable Living|
Inspiration |
Live |
Video |
Top 50 |
Most Recent |
Shopping |
Categories









Read the Beforeitsnews.com story here.
Advertise at Before It's News here.








By Henry Makow 

Contributor profile |
More stories







Story Views



Now:



Last hour:



Last 24 hours:



Total:





 






Is Chlorine Dioxide a Miracle Cure?


Sunday, October 31, 2021 12:41 






% of readers think this story is Fact. Add your two cents.



























There is continued mounting evidence that Chlorine Dioxide
is likely the BEST antidote in existence to counter, mitigate, 
and neutralize the poisons injected with the Coivd Death Jab
 as well as CURE you – within 48 hours – of the symptoms that
 physicians and hospitals are calling “Covid-19.” (see videos below)
 






By Ken Adachi
(henrymakow.com)
I still find it hard to believe that so many people continue to take this genocidal Bio-weapon when there is such a MOUNTAIN of irrefutable evidence on the internet from scores of prestigious and honest professionals in medicine and science who are explaining – with microscopic photos, dark field live-blood analysis, Spectrophotometric analysis, etc. – WHY you should NEVER consider injecting these high tech poisons into your body. 

However, there is ALSO good news for those who’ve already gotten the Jab — IF they would but Listen & Learn and STOP turning to the Big Medicine Racketeers who care more about money & position than about YOU losing your life to that Death Jab.
 
There is continued mounting evidence that Chlorine Dioxide is likely the BEST antidote in existence to counter, mitigate, and neutralize the poisons injected with the Coivd Death Jab as well as CURE you – within 48 hours – of the symptoms that physicians and hospitals are calling “Covid-19.” (see videos below)
 
I attempted to bring attention to this important information about Chlorine Dioxide on May 28, 2021 when Henry posted my comments in this article:
 
Ken Adachi: Home-Made Ways to Beat the Flu (aka Covid 19)
 
https://www.henrymakow.com/2021/05/k-a.html

 
However, a critic named “Gary W” decided to upload his exalted opinions on how “wrong” I was about the ability of Chlorine Dioxide to mitigate Covid poisons, including my recommendation to use an ultrasonic room humidifier to distribute a vapor of CDS in the air as a means of protecting oneself against the spike protein shedding phenomena among the non vaxxed. 

Of course he presented ZERO evidence to buttress his Nay Saying, while the 5 minute Malaysian video link, which I included with my remarks, contained nothing BUT rock-solid scientific evidence and studies that PROVED the very things about Chlorine Dioxide that Gary W. was denying was possible. This guy COULDN’T be more uninformed of the amazing disinfectant attributes of Chlorine Dioxide. 
 
I’ve included below many more video links which focus EXCLUSIVELY on the ability of Chlorine Dioxide to clear BOTH the infection and the injection of Covid-19.
 
If Chlorine Dioxide, using 18 activated drops of MMS, can completely CURE Malaria within TWO HOURS (see the videos below), then it can do MUCH more than an armchair naysayer like Gary W would be aware of. 
 
Oct 21, 2021 (https://gab.com/KenAdachi/posts/107081198763669473)
 
Chlorine Dioxide (MMS & CDS)~The Universal Antidote to Covid Infections & Injections (A fantastic documentary on Chlorine Dioxide)
 
https://www.bitchute.com/video/uyX9I6MuAg8z/

 
Oct 10, 2021
 
Chlorine Dioxide
 
From Ken Adachi
 
I’ve been posting articles on my website since 2007 talking about the nearly MIRACULOUS ability of a simple oxidizing molecule called “Chlorine Dioxide” to destroy and disable just about EVERY pathogenic organism, parasite, bacteria, virus, fungus, mold, and toxin that is harmful to humans and animals; while at the SAME time is COMPLETELY harmless and benign towards normal tissue in both humans or animals. This SAME molecule is likely the BEST antidote in EXISTENCE to COMPLETELY cure the infection called Covid-19 (within 48 hours) AND to help mitigate and unwind the damage being inflicted upon millions of unsuspecting people who have taken the poison-laden Covid Death Jab. I have read and listened to HUNDREDS of testimonials and have heard FIRST hand from DOZENS of people who have followed a simple recommendation in taking CDS Water daily – on an hourly basis – and have achieved resolutions and cures that they did not think was POSSIBLE.
 
If everyone in the world had MMS and CDS Water in their homes, there would be NO NEED to visit a doctor or clinic or hospital (which today are the NEW Killing Fields of Eugenics, Inc.), because you could address just about EVERY health problem YOURSELF at home using this simple disinfectant molecule – which is completely harmless to humans and animals. No one has EVER died from taking MMS or CDS, despite unrelenting propaganda/smear campaigns by MSM and government liars to convince you that it’s both DANGEROUS and a threat to your life – when NOTHING could be further from the truth. Learn about Chlorine Dioxide and start USING it and DISCOVER the TRUTH for yourself.
 
Chlorine Dioxide (CDS) ~ The Secret Weapon Against Viruses May 21, 2021
 
https://www.bitchute.com/video/CXwNs2VceRjo/
 
March 2013 ~ Mark Recovers from Malignant Melanoma Using MMS & CDS (Comprehensive Testimonial)
 
https://www.bitchute.com/video/qTdbYCqqZvV4/
 
Dec 10-14 2012~Red Cross Ran a Malaria Trial in Uganda That Cured All 154 Confirmed Cases of Malaria Using 18 drops of MMS & NOTHING else
 
https://www.bitchute.com/video/RqNswE7Ft1vS/
 
Follow-up Trial in Uganda in 2019 Confirmed That MMS Cures Malaria 100% of the time – and within TWO Hours
 
https://www.bitchute.com/video/62aTvBmy8Yyp/
 
Red Cross 4 Day Trial in Uganda in Dec. 2012 Proved Chlorine Dioxde Is a 100% Cure for Malaria
 
https://www.bitchute.com/video/ckaSyftPGJZF/
 
May 2020 ~Doctors in Ecuador Use CDS Water to Cure Over 100 Patients of Covid-19 within TWO Days
 
https://www.bitchute.com/video/mGi1JVx2c6ZZ/
 
Pavel Eiselt (Czech Republic) Demonstrates How to Make CDS Water with Air-blow Method (Nov. 2011)
 
https://www.bitchute.com/video/vVXoO0r2phIe/
 
I have more, but it’s probably gotten too long already


Source:  https://henrymakow.com/2021/10/is-chlorine-dioxide-a-miracle-cure.html 





 














Before It’s News® is a community of individuals who report on what’s going on around them, from all around the world.
Anyone can join.
Anyone can contribute.
Anyone can become informed about their world.
"United We Stand" Click Here To Create Your Personal Citizen Journalist
Account Today, Be Sure To Invite Your Friends.


Please Help Support BeforeitsNews by trying our Natural Health Products below!Order by Phone at 888-809-8385 or online at https://mitocopper.com M - F 9am to 5pm ESTOrder by Phone at 866-388-7003 or online at https://www.herbanomic.com M - F 9am to 5pm ESTOrder by Phone at 866-388-7003 or online at https://www.herbanomics.com M - F 9am to 5pm ESTHumic & Fulvic Trace Minerals Complex - Nature's most important supplement! Vivid Dreams again!HNEX HydroNano EXtracellular Water - Improve immune system health and reduce inflammation.Ultimate Clinical Potency Curcumin - Natural pain relief, reduce inflammation and so much more.MitoCopper - Bioavailable Copper destroys pathogens and gives you more energy. (See Blood Video)Oxy Powder - Natural Colon Cleanser!  Cleans out toxic buildup with oxygen!Nascent Iodine - Promotes detoxification, mental focus and thyroid health.Smart Meter Cover -  Reduces Smart Meter radiation by 96%! (See Video). 


















Related Stories

 












Comments
 Click here to cancel reply.

Your Comments


































Total 16 comments







Slimey 

WHEELY? You think so? LOL! OK, whatever……  




Oct 31, 2021, 2:13 pm 








0
Reply 







LonePatriot1 

⁣Hospitals in USA and in first world countries are refusing life-saving Ivermectin treatment even with court orders. Big Pharma doing everything they can to jab us no matter what, while alternative COVID cures EXIST! There happens to be heavy censorship who are looking for these treatments. The Research Is Clear: Ivermectin Is a Safe, Effective Treatment for COVID. Get your Ivermectin today while you still can! https://health.p0l.org/




Oct 31, 2021, 4:45 pm 








0
Reply 







MyTwoCents 

You can also find Querciten online. Plant based Ivermectin.




Nov 3, 2021, 12:45 am 








0
Reply 









Johnny B Good 

Get Ivermectin and Hydroxychloroquine online. Bitcoin accepted. No script required
https://www.excelwell.net/drugs




Oct 31, 2021, 6:28 pm 








0
Reply 







Anonymous 

Aaron Rodgers, quarterback for the Green Bay Packers, is sitting out this week because he was stupid enough to take your Ivermectin. Because he took Ivermectin and would not get vaccinated he got Covid of course, so now he can’t play. I hear if you drink an eight ounce glass of blue whale sperm that works as good as Ivermectin.    




Nov 4, 2021, 11:21 am 








0
Reply 









truthseeker4809 

Yes it is. It is simply a molecule that has the amazing property. The man who found that it can be used to cure viral infection in human body is a genius. His name is Jim Humble. What is happening with this molecule is that it is the only molecule in the universe that can generate ionized oxygen with the least amount of input energy. The ionization energy of chlorine dioxcide is 10.3 eV and that of hydrogen peroxide is 10.9 eV. What this means is that chlorine dioxide is much easier to produce ionized oxygen than hydrogen peroxide. Ionized oxygen is basically the killer of the viruses in the body. It is obvious why chlorine dioxide is an amazing molecule that can kill viruses that is very hard to eliminate in the body. It is just a molecule that has infinite variety of usefullness depending on how humans use it. Medical profession is not consist of physicists or chemists. They can be hopelessly ignorant of the fundamental properties of many of the miraculous molecules.




Nov 1, 2021, 1:34 pm 








0
Reply 







truthseeker4809 

Of course any good stuff for the body can be lethal when used too much. Chlorine dioxide is a molecule that can generate ionized oxygen very easily and that’s why it smells so potent. There is nothing that can achieve what chlorine dioxide does in terms of healing body from incurable deadly viruses. I bet once chlorine dioxide is fully acknowledged by WHO or CDC or whatever, viral infection disease will disappear from the face of the earth.




Nov 1, 2021, 1:49 pm 








0
Reply 









MyTwoCents 

My advice is DON’T USE THIS PRODUCT INTERNALLY.
https://www.webmd.com/vitamins/ai/ingredientmono-1622/chlorine-dioxide




Nov 3, 2021, 12:41 am 








-1
Reply 







Fake News = The False Prophet 

Ignore this. I have used and made it for years.
It’s Webmd you want to be careful of.




Nov 3, 2021, 2:53 am 








1
Reply 









Anonymous 

Actually, the only known cure to work 100% of the time is drinking an eight ounce glass of blue whale sperm. This is hard to come by (no pun intended) though. Whale sperm is much more effective than this Ivermectin BS.    




Nov 3, 2021, 12:30 pm 








-1
Reply 







truthseeker4809 

The people of the world should rise up to demand the award for a Nobel prize in medicine to Jim Humble.




Nov 4, 2021, 3:56 pm 








0
Reply 







truthseeker4809 

If his discovery has cured diseases and saved lives of millions of people, wouldn’t it be enough to deserve the prize? The vital chemical molecule to cure deadly disease exists in nature all the time. It is a matter of finding it and let people know so that people can save their lives. Jim Humble did exactly that. Academic bureaucrats have gone way out of the line for too long.




Nov 4, 2021, 10:12 pm 








0
Reply 









jdpent01 

Seems that Chlorine Dioxide is on par with Ivermectin and HCQ or Budesonide in curing folks with viruses, just follow your Doctor’s advise for dosage needed.




Nov 5, 2021, 6:16 pm 








0
Reply 







Fake News = The False Prophet 

You won’t find any doctors talking about Chlorine Dioxide. It’s more than their job is worth. Take your doctors advice on NOTHING. Educate yourself. Doctors know next to nothing about many many things and you can learn more than them in a few hours worth of research on many subjects. They are good for some things though and the clue is in the name Do Cutters. They are also, unfortunately, gatekeepers to some useful technology, unless you are rich.




Nov 6, 2021, 11:11 am 








1
Reply 









wirkbot 

See here: /health/2021/11/canceling-the-spike-protein-3042825.html Over the counter: Quercetin and zinc, Mega dose Vitamin C, Danshen, Tumeric and Black Pepper.




Nov 8, 2021, 8:48 am 








0
Reply 







dave42 

Bond angles are illustrated un-annotated at STP standard temperature and pressure imperial units 72 F 1 ATM oscillation angles vary and are predictable you have to do the latent heat calculation and triple point. CLO2 is a very good spectracide because of the CL Valance order. The point of reaction is dependent on the angle and the motion.
https://th.bing.com/th/id/R.6042f2292e2c4c0f403b608bd294af3f?rik=ExH9OhWzqVwWCw&riu=http%3a%2f%2f2012books.lardbucket.org%2fbooks%2fprinciples-of-general-chemistry-v1.0%2fsection_22%2f6042f2292e2c4c0f403b608bd294af3f.jpg&ehk=yfa1usEpcgl5bw4%2bqfza9GUwrGFchtseURST%2b61tIjE%3d&risl=&pid=ImgRaw&r=0




Nov 16, 2021, 10:34 am 








0
Reply 














MOST RECENT











Load more ...









HELP KEEP NEWS FREE
DONATE HERE


OLD VERSION


FORUM








Online:



Visits:
1,467,937,070


Stories:
7,870,755





Wanted: Citizen Reporters,Whistler Blowers, Insiders
CLICK HERE TO UPLOAD NEWS!




God's Word - Exodus Chapter 15 Listen to God's Word on Youtube! Donate to Share God's Word!













Loading... 





"Not by might, nor by power, but by my spirit, saith the Lord of hosts." Zechariah 4:6


BEFORE IT'S NEWS ON TELEGRAM
GET THE TELEGRAM APP - https://telegram.org/
JOIN OUR CHANNEL - https://t.me/BeforeitsNews


Read it..
BEFORE IT'S NEWS
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER



Submit




Today's Top Stories

Situation Update - America On The Brink! Deep State Continues To Trigger WW3! White Hats Plan For The Final Takedown! Coming Zombie Apocalypse! - We The People NewsNew Roseanne Barr and Alex Jones Interview! March 2023 Saturday SpecialGet Out Now! - Federal Emergency - 10 States - "Super Dangerous" - Patrick Humphrey NewsTrump Puts The DeepState On Notice - Media Scrambling - Its The End Of The World As They've Known It!New Patriot Underground & Ben Fulford Intel: CFR & Distraction Wars - Underground Truth Accelerating - Giza, Soledar & Bakhmut - Taiwan Invasion Prep - China Boosts Semi-Conductor ChipPresidential Alert! Biden Administration Now Orders Total Lockdown! Constitution In Abeyyance! New Benjamin Fulford on Fake Pandemics and System ResetBombshell: FOIA Documents Reveal COVID Pandemic Was a DOD Operation Dating Back to Obama! - 'Pfizer' Caught Admitting "Babies Died During the 'mRNA' COVID-19 Vaccine Trials- Gates Foundation Insider Admits...A Massive Bank Run Threatens to Crash a Major Bank as They Desperately Try to Avoid Insolvency! - Must VideoNew Jason Q Intel 3/4/23 - It's All Happening Now! 










Loading... 


 


Featured

New Michael Jaco - Will Trump Obliterate The Deep State? Are The Democrats About To Lose Control Of The Senate? - Must Video133 countries vow to destroy America’s New World OrderMarch 5 - Bank Run at Credit Suisse - Lehman Redux?Conversation with Linda M HoweFool Has Had 9 COVID Shots and Is in Chemo Trying to Stay Alive...Good Luck With That One.(Video) Best & Taylor (03042023): NIGHT SHADOWS -- Perhaps Soiled Diapers Make for Angry Babies Who Have Nuclear MatchesIllinois State Gestapo Goons - Never Trust the Police They Are Not Your Friend (Video) Charlie Ward: Situation Update and Intel with Jason Q (Video) Marines “Unalive” Clinton Clones in New York and San Diego (Video) Help JFK Jr. Raise 'Relief Funding for the Victims' of 'The Ohio Terrorist Attack' by the Deep State Cabal (Video)  










Loading... 


 


Top Global

Defeating the World Economic Forum’s ‘Great Reset’ Before It Destroys UsBan mRNA Shots!, Real Black History, New COVID Ad, Space Facts, Amazon Kills, the Fetzer Boogie (Video) Palestinian/Israeli update 03/05/2023..International furor continues over Smotrich's Hawara statementHumanity’s real enemy – the World Economic Forum.Iran Confirms Acquiring 24 Sukhoi Su-35 Fighters From Russia; Jets To Arrive During Iranian Year In MarchNew Benjamin Fulford March Huge Intel 03-05-23New Melissa Redpill: Trump Retribution CPAC 2023, Final Battle, April Fools, 3-4-23It Is Over Now! This Is Going To Get Ugly! - Full Spectrum SurvivalClownworld News Australia 05/03/2023 "Headlines" Israeli Tanks Open Fire at Syrian ArmyNew Benjamin Fulford on Fake Pandemics and System Reset 









Top Alternative

Defeating the World Economic Forum’s ‘Great Reset’ Before It Destroys UsThe Fundamental Transformation of AmericaFeds Refuse to Punish Illegal Aliens for Killing EagleAuthorities Decided to Drain This River But Didn't Expect to Find This at the Bottom Iconic Restaurant Chains That Don't Exist Anymore in America New York: Strange Creature Caught on CCTV CameraWant to survive SHTF….Not going to judge you where you live…You judge yourself.Ohio Residents Ordered to Stay Inside as Another Train DerailsThe Paranormal Is RealSex indoctrination starts in 5th Grade 



 






SignUp
Login






About | Advertise With Us | FAQ | Contact
| Privacy | Terms of Service
| Copyright Notification | RSS Subscribe | Widgets
Portions copyright © 2023 NSearch Technology, Inc., All Rights Reserved.Before It's News® is a registered Service Mark of NSearch Technology,
Inc..



Newsletter
Email this story
Email this story








If you really want to ban this commenter, please write down the reason:




If you really want to disable all recommended stories, click on OK button. After that, you will be redirect to your options page.







