








TRUMP PEACE: Bahrain appoints first-ever ambassador to Israel - Geller Report



















































 













			Wednesday, March 08, 2023		




Subscribe
|
News Tips




Search for:



 









































About
Donate
Articles
Categories
Quotables
Press
Books
Rebuttals
Video
 

		Donate Today
	














Search for:



 
















News Ticker:



[ March 8, 2023 ]
WOW! Trumps Bold New Proposals for 2024: 10 New Freedom Cities, Baby Bonuses, Flying Cars




[ March 8, 2023 ]
ICYMI: Listen to Pamela Geller in The Joe Hoft Show, “General Happiness Cannot Be Created...




[ March 8, 2023 ]
BREAKING: Hungary Preparing To Prosecute Nazi Collaborator George Soros For NAZI War Crimes And Murders




[ March 8, 2023 ]
BOMBSHELL Former CDC Director Testimony: US Taxpayer Money From NIH, State Department, USAID, DOD Funded...




[ March 8, 2023 ]
Newly Released Surveillance Footage: Capitol Police Ignored Abandoned, No Communication, DELIBERATELY Left Unprepared




[ March 8, 2023 ]
Chinese Foreign Minister Says Conflict with US Inevitable




[ March 7, 2023 ]
SQUIRMING McConnell Says It Was a “Mistake” for Tucker Carlson to Release Previously Unseen J6...




[ March 7, 2023 ]
Growing Number of Jan. 6 Defendants Ask Judges to Delay Trials in Light of Newly...




[ March 7, 2023 ]
The Greatest Ripoff in American History: Democrats Spent $100 Billion of Your Money on Climate...




[ March 7, 2023 ]
New, Never Seen J6 Footage Shows January 6th Committee LIED and Ray Epps LIED To...










TRUMP PEACE: Bahrain appoints first-ever ambassador to IsraelBy Geller Report Staff - on April 1, 2021


 






 Share Tweet Truth       Gettr Parler Telegram LinkedIn       
Thank you, President Trump. You made liars out of the elites, who insisted that peace in the Middle East was impossible without appeasing the pro-terror Palestinian Authority.
Incredible. No media coverage of the unprecedented peace moves by the Democrat media complex.
Related – Israel, Bahrain sign cooperation agreement on water systems, technologies



Bahrain appoints first-ever ambassador to Israel
A Bahraini team is expected to arrive in Israel in the coming weeks to set up an embassy in the Tel Aviv area.
By Jerusalem Post, March 31, 2021
Foreign Minister Gabi Ashkenazi approved Bahrain’s first-ever ambassador to Israel on Tuesday, ahead of the Gulf state’s opening of its embassy in coming weeks.

Bahraini Foreign Minister Abdullatif bin Rashid Al Zayani appointed Khaled Yousif al-Jalahama to the position on Sunday. Jalahama is the Director of Operations at Bahrain’s Foreign Ministry, and was deputy chief of mission at Bahrain’s Embassy to the US in 2009-2013.


A Bahraini team is expected to arrive in Israel in the coming weeks to set up an embassy in the Tel Aviv area.

Ashkenazi told Al Zayani on Sunday evening: “The Bahraini government’s decision to appoint an ambassador to Israel is another important step towards implementing the peace agreement and strengthening the ties between the two countries.”

During the call with Al Zayani, Ashkenazi thanked Bahraini King Hamad bin Isa Al Khalifa for his courage and leadership in establishing full diplomatic relations with Israel.

Bahrain announced in September that it was normalizing ties with Israel, less than a month after the United Arab Emirates did so, in the framework of the Abraham Accords.

Israel already had a secret diplomatic office in Manama, Bahrain’s capital, before normalization was announced, and it became an embassy operating in the open in recent months.





Bahrain’s former ambassador to the US Houda Nonoo, who is Jewish, worked with Jalahama in Washington and said she is “excited for him to help usher in this next stage of the Bahrain-Israel relationship.”

Rabbi Marc Schneier of New York, who is a special adviser to the King of Bahrain, said Jalahama’s appointment “will profoundly advance [the] spirit of peace, cooperation and coexistence in the Middle East.”

“In my many meetings with Gulf leaders over the last 12 years, no other Gulf leader than HM King Hamad bin Isa Al Khalifa of Bahrain was so genuinely committed to establishing diplomatic relations with Israel,” Schneier said. “In his words at a meeting at the Royal Palace in 2016, the ‘only hope for a strong moderate Arab voice is a strong Israel.’”

Earlier this month, the UAE’s first ambassador to Israel, Muhammad Mahmoud Al Khaja arrived, presenting his credentials to President Reuven Rivlin. He spent several days in Israel and is expected to return next month.

Last week, Al Khaja tweeted a Passover greeting: “Let us all celebrate the universal ideals of freedom and hopeful new beginnings. We have much to rejoice and look forward to. Happy Passover and Chag Sameach. See you soon Israel.”



 Share Tweet Truth       Gettr Parler Telegram LinkedIn        
The Truth Must be Told
Your contribution supports independent journalism
Please take a moment to consider this. Now, more than ever, people are reading Geller Report for news they won't get anywhere else. But advertising revenues have all but disappeared. Google Adsense is the online advertising monopoly and they have banned us. Social media giants like Facebook and Twitter have blocked and shadow-banned our accounts. But we won't put up a paywall. Because never has the free world needed independent journalism more.
Everyone who reads our reporting knows the Geller Report covers the news the media won't. We cannot do our ground-breaking report without your support. We must continue to report on the global jihad and the left's war on freedom. Our readers’ contributions make that possible.
Geller Report's independent, investigative journalism takes a lot of time, money and hard work to produce. But we do it because we believe our work is critical in the fight for freedom and because it is your fight, too.


Please contribute here.



or



					Make a monthly commitment to support The Geller Report – choose the option that suits you best.
				

$25.00 here
$50.00 here
$75.00 here
$100.00 here
$250.00 here





 


Quick note: We cannot do this without your support. Fact. Our work is made possible by you
		and only you. We receive no grants, government handouts, or major funding.

Tech giants are shutting us down. You know this. Twitter, LinkedIn, Google Adsense, Pinterest permanently
		banned us. Facebook, Google search et al have shadow-banned, suspended and deleted us from your news feeds.
		They are disappearing us. But we are here.
	

Subscribe to Geller Report newsletter here— it’s free and it’s essential NOW when informed decision making and opinion is essential to America's survival.
		Share our posts on your social channels and with your email contacts. Fight the great fight.
	
Follow Pamela Geller on Gettr. I am there. click here. 

		Follow Pamela Geller on Trump's social media platform, Truth Social. 

		It's open and free.

	
Remember, YOU make the work possible. If you can, please contribute to Geller Report.
	

Join The Conversation. Leave a Comment.
We have no tolerance for comments containing violence, racism, profanity, vulgarity, doxing, or discourteous behavior. If a comment is spammy or unhelpful, click the - symbol under the comment to let us know. Thank you for partnering with us to maintain fruitful conversation.
Please note: We no longer use Disqus; your Disqus login/password will no longer work on this site.
If you would like to join the conversation, but don't have an account, you can sign up for one right here.
If you do have an account, but are having problems logging in or leaving a comment, it may be because of a browser extension or add-on, perhaps uBlock Origin or an ad blocker or something else. We want you to join the conversation, so perhaps disable browser extensions or your ad blocker until that "post comment" button appears. We look forward to seeing your comments below!





Post navigation
PreviousNext

 



Help Us Fight







Donate via Stripe, an alternative to Paypal

Search for:




recent Comments

PatD on BREAKING: Hungary Preparing To Prosecute Nazi Collaborator George Soros For NAZI War Crimes And MurdersStaff Sgt Chaos on BREAKING: Hungary Preparing To Prosecute Nazi Collaborator George Soros For NAZI War Crimes And MurdersStaff Sgt Chaos on BREAKING: Hungary Preparing To Prosecute Nazi Collaborator George Soros For NAZI War Crimes And MurdersStaff Sgt Chaos on BREAKING: Hungary Preparing To Prosecute Nazi Collaborator George Soros For NAZI War Crimes And MurdersJanD on The Greatest Ripoff in American History: Democrats Spent $100 Billion of Your Money on Climate Hoax 


Fund The Fight
We all need heroes.  Donate Monthly
Choose your subscription level






Subscriber : $18.00 USD - monthly
Contributor : $36.00 USD - monthly
Patron : $50.00 USD - monthly
Silver member : $100.00 USD - monthly
Gold member : $250.00 USD - monthly
Platinum member : $500.00 USD - monthly








books & Movies
By Pamela Geller





It is the conflict of our age, yet no one dares talk about it. The true story of the Islamic Supremacist war on free speech as told by those on the front lines fighting for our First Amendment rights,
					.
				
Buy Now





Pamela Geller tells her own story of how she became one of the world's foremost activists for the freedom of speech,
					individual rights, and equality of rights for all. "It's my story, it's what happens when someone fights for freedom in America today,"
					Geller explained.
				
Buy Now





Today Islamic supremacists are demanding more accommodation of Islamic principles
					and practices than ever, and daily growing more aggressive in eroding our freedoms – with politically
					correct public officials only too happy..
				
Buy Now





Popular conservative blogger Pamela Geller and New York Times bestselling author
					Robert Spencer sound a wake-up call for Americans to stop the Obama administration from limiting our
					hard-won...
				
Buy Now





The Ground Zero Mosque: The Second Wave of the 9/11 Attacks is a groundbreaking documentary on the controversy
                    over the planned Islamic supremacist mega-mosque at Ground Zero.
                
Buy Now



must See Video




VIDEO: Pamela Geller Discussing Massive Corruption in the FBI on OAN 

 








Explore

About
Articles
Books
Notable Quotables
Archive
Press
Contact
Disclaimer
Privacy Policy
 





Connect





































Subscribe To Our Newsletter

 




Copyright © 2023 Geller Report 

Geller Report
















Thanks for sharing!Thanks for sharing!
We invite you to become a Geller Report insider. Sign up for our free email newsletter, get the news the media won't cover.







