

  



















The Hidden Ideas In The Democratic Party - The Washington Standard



















































 


































Privacy Policy
Contact
About Us
National Headlines Today
Store

Keep & Bear Arms
All Natural Products
Essential Oils
Home Educate Your Kids For Free
Amazon
Bulletproof Vests



 









































US
Politics
Commentary
Constitution & Law
World
Economy
Gun News
National Headlines Today
Store

Keep & Bear Arms
All Natural Products
Essential Oils
Home Educate Your Kids For Free
Amazon
Bulletproof Vests



About Us









 


US
Politics
Commentary
Constitution & Law
World
Economy
Gun News
National Headlines Today
Store

Keep & Bear Arms
All Natural Products
Essential Oils
Home Educate Your Kids For Free
Amazon
Bulletproof Vests


About Us









Home»Commentary»The Hidden Ideas In The Democratic Party
Commentary
The Hidden Ideas In The Democratic Party
Leon Puissegur
2019-09-12




Leon Puissegur

/
 September 12, 2019






24
Shares



Facebook



Twitter



Pinterest



WhatsApp






Is the Democratic Party a group of people trying to really help the poor?
Let us take a close look at the Democratic Party to see what it is and what Democrats have hidden to keep the public unaware of their true history, a history that would destroy their voters’ support. We will examine a few ideas shown by others and backed up by documents. Let us look at a brief, but inclusive, background of the Democratic Party. We state “inclusive” because the Democratic Party does not include its entire history because if it did, it fears that many people will wake up and see just who they really are and they will lose their power. Let us now show that the Democrats leave out much of their early history from 1856 to 1876. One may wonder why they would do that. This is because had the Democrats included those times, they would show their support for slavery, among a number of other ideas that today would make it very easy to label them as true racists due to their actions.
Below, we show what is on the Democratic Party web site. Notice that they state the party has led the fight for “civil rights,” but the truth is that Democrats voted against the first Civil Rights Bill.

How To Protect Yourself From 5G, EMF & RF Radiation
Grab This Bucket Of Heirloom Seeds & Get Free Shipping With Promo Code TIM
Build Your Own Food Forest & Save 5% With Promo Code TIMBROWN
Here’s A Way You Can Stockpile Food For The Future
Stockpile Your Ammo & Save $15 On Your First Order
Preparing Also Means Detoxifying – Here’s One Simple Way To Detoxify
Save Up To 66% Off MyPillow with Promo Code TIMBROWN
Grab guns, accessories, gear and optics at the lowest prices

“For more than 200 years, our party has led the fight for civil rights, health care, Social Security, workers’ rights, and women’s rights. We are the party of Barack Obama, John F. Kennedy, FDR, and the countless everyday Americans who work each day to build a more perfect union. Take a look at some of our accomplishments, and you’ll see why we’re proud to be Democrats.”
While Democrats state they are leaders in “civil rights” and other minority causes, the history of what they did from around 1856 to today indicates otherwise.
Let us show a list composed by Jeffery Lord of what the Democrats do not wish to show in their history. Once a normal person reads this, they will know that by today’s Democratic ideology, the Democrats are guilty of what they are actually guilty of doing.


Jeffrey Lord, a contributing editor to The American Spectator and a former aide to Jack Kemp and Ronald Reagan, has chronicled the following vital facts about the Democratic Party of 1800 through the 1960s:


Seven Democrat presidents owned slaves between 1800 and 1861.


Between 1840 and 1860, there were six Democratic Party platforms supporting slavery.


From 1868-1948, there were 20 Democratic Party platforms that either openly supported segregation or were silent on the subject.


The infamously racist “Jim Crow laws” of the post-Civil War era — mandating segregation in virtually all public settings throughout the South — were passed enthusiastically by Democrats.


In the post-Civil War era, the Democratic Party and the Ku Klux Klan had a very close relationship. Columbia University historian Eric Foner writes that the Klan became “a military force serving the interests of the Democratic Party.” And according to University of North Carolina historian Allen Trelease, the Klan served as the “terrorist arm of the Democratic Party.”


Democrats opposed the 13th, 14th and 15th amendments to the Constitution. The 13th banned slavery. The 14th effectively overturned the 1857 Dred Scott decision (made by Democratic pro-slavery Supreme Court justices) by guaranteeing due process and equal protection to former slaves. And the 15th gave black Americans the right to vote.


Democrats opposed the Civil Rights Act of 1866, which was passed by a Republican Congress over the veto of President Andrew Johnson, who had been a Democrat before joining Abraham Lincoln’s Republican ticket in 1864. The law gave blacks with the right to own private property, sign contracts, file lawsuits, and serve as witnesses in a legal proceeding.


Democrats opposed the Civil Rights Act of 1875, which was passed by a Republican Congress and signed into law by Republican President Ulysses S. Grant. The law prohibited racial discrimination in public places and public accommodations.


The Democratic Party’s 1904 platform used the term “Sectional and Racial Agitation” to condemn the Republican Party’s protests against segregation and against the denial of voting rights to blacks. This “agitation,” said the Democratic platform, sought to “revive the dead and hateful race and sectional animosities in any part of our common country,” which in turn would bring “confusion, distraction of business, and the reopening of wounds now happily healed.”


Between 1908 and 1920, there were 4 Democratic platforms that were silent on the issues of blacks, segregation, lynching, and voting rights. By contrast, the Republican platforms of those years specifically addressed “Rights of the Negro” (1908), opposed lynching (in 1912, 1920, 1924, 1928), and (with the advent of the New Deal) the dangers of turning blacks into “wards of the state.”


At the direction of Democratic President Woodrow Wilson in 1913, Democrats segregated the federal government.


The Democratic Convention of 1924, held in New York’s Madison Square Garden, has been dubbed by historians as the “Klanbake.” Hundreds of the delegates present were members of the Ku Klux Klan, which was so powerful that a plank condemning Klan violence was unwaveringly rejected. To celebrate, some 10,000 hooded Klansmen staged a massive rally complete with burning crosses and calls for violence against blacks and Catholics.


Democrats created the Federal Reserve Board, passed labor and child welfare laws, and created Social Security with Woodrow Wilson’s New Freedom and FDR’s New Deal. But these programs were created as the result of an agreement to ignore segregation and the lynching of blacks.


Thousands of Democratic local officials, state legislators, state governors, U.S. congressmen, and U.S. senators were elected as supporters of slavery and then segregation between 1800 and 1965.


In return for election support, three post-Civil War Democratic presidents — Grover Cleveland, Woodrow Wilson, and Franklin Roosevelt — agreed to leave the issues of segregation and lynching unaddressed.


Three-fourths of the opposition to the 1964 Civil Rights Bill in the U.S. House of Representatives came from Democrats, as did four-fifths of the opposition in the Senate. That opposition included such figures as future Democratic Senate leader Robert Byrd of West Virginia (a former Klan member) and Tennessee Senator Albert Gore Sr., father of Al Gore.


The Birmingham, Alabama Public Safety Commissioner Bull Connor — who infamously unleashed dogs and fire hoses on civil-rights protestors — was a member of both the Democratic National Committee and the Ku Klux Klan.


At nearly every turn, the Democrats were either for slavery or had platforms supporting slavery until the Republicans banned slavery with the 13th Amendment of 1865. We have to mention the date because the 13th Amendment began in 1860 when Abraham Lincoln, the only president to sign an Amendment, signed the 13th Amendment of 1860 giving the Southern states the right to own slaves, which was before the Fort Sumter attack.
We also can clearly see that seven Democratic Presidents owned slaves for 20 years.
Lord also shows that from 1868 to 1948 the Democratic Party had platforms supporting Segregation.
The “Jim Crow Laws” that present-day Democrats yell were so bad, were passed by Democrats!
In the post-Civil War era, the Democratic Party and the Ku Klux Klan had a very close relationship.
Now, here’s the real facts about the following statement at the beginning of the Democratic Party History shown today.
“For more than 200 years, our party has led the fight for civil rights…” 
In reality, the Democrats fought to stop civil rights.

“Democrats opposed the 13th, 14th and 15th amendments to the Constitution. The 13th banned slavery. The 14th effectively overturned the 1857 Dred Scott decision (made by Democratic pro-slavery Supreme Court justices) by guaranteeing due process and equal protection to former slaves. And the 15th gave black Americans the right to vote.”

Can you think of what would happen if the Republican Party hid that type of information from the public?  Today, the Democratic Party has drifted much further left than ever before. Democrats have had a very disturbing past when it comes to their fights against civil rights and this includes the 1964 Civil Rights Act. If you look at the 1964 Civil Rights Act, you will notice two famous people that opposed it: Democratic Senate Leader and former KKK member Robert Byrd of West Virginia and Tennessee Senator Albert Gore Sr., father of Al Gore.
Today, the Democratic Party has moved into the realm of being strictly a Socialistic ideology. Should anyone wonder how that might have happened, they need only to look at the statement and words below.
Norman Thomas, the six-time Socialist Party candidate for U.S. President, said the following in a 1944 speech:
“The American people will never knowingly adopt socialism. But, under the name of ‘liberalism,’ they will adopt every fragment of the socialist program, until one day America will be a socialist nation, without knowing how it happened…. I no longer need to run as a Presidential Candidate for the Socialist Party. The Democratic Party has adopted our platform.”
With the words and statement above, one can safely state that the Socialistic ideology has come full circle within the Democratic Party. Today, the Democrats have placed people with backgrounds deeply embedded with Socialistic ideologies. They come out as Democrats but have moved to the Socialist side of the name, embracing the ideology of Norman Thomas and the Socialists of today. This is not what the founding fathers had wanted for the united States.  We see the openly Socialist ideologies coming out with the Democratic Presidential hopefuls, but there is another group that wishes to really destroy us and they too are disguised as Democrats.
They are the current “Justice Democrats,” who have gone deep into Socialism and bent the ideas into some of the most troubling ideologies ever seen. These people are much like our enemies and they do not have any good ideas other than to make the united States into some very different that can only be described as a cross between dictatorship and Socialism. The Justice Democratic Party is an offshoot of former Socialist Party members of Bernie Sanders. They have an extreme ideology that makes some of their ideas look incredibly absurd.   This wing of the Democratic Party must not be allowed to grow and has to be stopped now or the united States will eventually be called the United Socialist States.
Let us now take a look at this wing of the Democratic Party.
Justice Democrats
“Justice Democrats is an American progressive political action committee[1][2] founded on January 23, 2017, by Kyle Kulinski of Secular Talk, Cenk Uygur of The Young Turks, and former leadership from the 2016 Bernie Sanders presidential campaign. Kulinski and Uygur are no longer affiliated with the group, but remain active supporters. Alexandra Rojas became executive director of the organization in May 2018. The organization formed as a result of the 2016 United States presidential election and has a stated goal of reforming the Democratic Party by running “a unified campaign to replace every corporate-backed member of Congress” and rebuilding the Democratic Party from “scratch” starting in the 2018 congressional midterm elections.[3][4]”


^ “FEC, Form 3X, Justice Democrats”, p. 2, [1], accessed January 17, 2019


^ “Justice Democrats: Frequently Asked Questions”. Justice Democrats. Retrieved September 26, 2017


^ “Justice Democrats – committee overview”. Campaign Finance Data. Federal Election Commission.


^ “Justice Democrats: Frequently Asked Questions”. Justice Democrats. Retrieved September 26, 2017.


The names shown here are people that would harm the freedom of our land and these people do not care about our history, as most of them are first-generation immigrants, which is why they want less restrictive immigration laws and rules. They have several people already in Congress and one of their people in the Senate. Their ideas are based upon very hard-line Socialistic ideologies.
They wish to “change” the ideas of how our country is supposed to work. They do not care for the idea that freedom is the most important part of our nation and that the Constitution should never be changed or altered.
“On January 23, 2017, Cenk Uygur and Kyle Kulinski founded Justice Democrats with ten others, including former staffers from the Sanders campaign such as its Director of Organizing Technology, Saikat Chakrabarti, and MoveOn.org fundraiser Zack Exley.[11][12][13] According to the organization, they seek to create a left-wing populist movement to support alternative Democratic candidates beginning with the 2018 mid-term elections, in order to either defeat the incumbent Democrats or cause them to become accountable to their constituents. They require their candidates to take a pledge to refuse financial contributions from billionaires and corporations.[5] In addition, they hope to rebuild the Democratic Party on a national level and to defeat President Trump if he runs for re-election in 2020.”




^ Weigel, David (January 23, 2017). “Progressives launch ‘Justice Democrats’ to counter party’s ‘corporate’ legislators”. The Washington Post.


^ Scott Hough (January 23, 2017). “Justice Democrats: Cenk Uygur, The Young Turks, Progressives Launch Party Takeover”. Inquisitr.


^ a b Tom McKay (January 23, 2017). “Cenk Uygur, Bernie Sanders staffers team up to take over the Democratic Party”. Mic.com. Retrieved January 25, 2017.




Do we know just what this new breed of Democrats really wants? Like stated above, most do not have deep roots in our country’s history and some have only lived here in the past 10 years or so. These people have the ideas that Socialists carry the true and right ideas that should be passed on to all United States citizens and in most cases, to all those here illegally too.
They claim that we do not need a border and it is very bad news for the citizens since they will be the ones to carry the load of all the freeloaders that will come across an open border.
However, let us look at the ideas they have.
Adjustments have been made since 2017, resulting in a slightly different platform appearing on the Justice Democrats webpage at a given time.[25] 

Creating a new infrastructure program called the “Green New Deal“[26]
Discontinuing arms sales to countries that violate human rights such as Saudi Arabia and Egypt
Enacting a federal jobs guarantee, which would promise all Americans a job paying $15 per hour plus benefits
Ending the death penalty
Ending the practice of unilaterally waging war, except as a last resort to defend U.S. territory
Ending the War on Drugs in favor of legalization, regulation, and taxation of drugs, and pardoning all non-violent drug offenders and treating all drug addicts
Ensuring free speech on college campuses and supporting net neutrality
Ensuring universal education as a right, including free public college and university education
Ensuring universal healthcare as a right
Establishing paid maternity leave, paid vacation leave, and free childcare
Expanding anti-discrimination laws to apply to LGBT people – see Equality Act
Expanding background checks on firearms and banning high capacity magazines and assault weapons
Funding Planned Parenthood and other contraceptive and abortion services, and recognizing reproductive rights
Implementing electoral reform and publicly financed elections nationwide to make irrelevant and obsolete fundraising from large corporations and the wealthy
Implementing instant-runoff voting nationwide in an effort to make third-party and independent candidates more viable
Implementing the Buffett Rule, ending offshore financial centers, “chain[ing]” the capital gains and income taxes, and increasing the estate tax
Making the minimum wage a living wage and tying it to inflation
Pardoning Edward Snowden, prosecuting CIA torturers and DoD war criminals, shutting down the Guantanamo Bay detention camp and all other extrajudicial prisons, and ending warrantless spying and bulk data collection by the National Security Agency
Passing the Paycheck Fairness Act
Abolishing the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement agency (ICE)”


^ Uygur, Cenk (January 24, 2017). “Justice Democrats Platform”. Medium. Retrieved March 2, 2019.
^ “Platform for Justice”. Justice Democrats. 2018. Retrieved March 2, 2019.
^ Stuart, Tessa (November 21, 2018). “Can Justice Democrats Pull Off a Progressive Coup in Congress?”. Rolling Stone. Retrieved June 19, 2019.

The first objective we see is the now infamous “Green New Deal” and that alone is a very huge problem for every living citizen in the United States. Let us take a brief look at the “Green New Deal”.
“Senator Edward Markey and Representative Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez released a fourteen-page resolution[8] for their Green New Deal on February 7, 2019. According to The Washington Post (February 11, 2019), the resolution calls for a “10-year national mobilization” whose primary goals would be:[46]
“Guaranteeing a job with a family-sustaining wage, adequate family and medical leave, paid vacations, and retirement security to all people of the United States.” 
“Providing all people of the United States with – (i) high-quality health care; (ii) affordable, safe, and adequate housing; (iii) economic security; and (iv) access to clean water, clean air, healthy and affordable food, and nature.” 
“Providing resources, training, and high-quality education, including higher education, to all people of the United States.” 
“Meeting 100 percent of the power demand in the United States through clean, renewable, and zero-emission energy sources.” 
“Repairing and upgrading the infrastructure in the United States, including . . . by eliminating pollution and greenhouse gas emissions as much as technologically feasible.” 
“Building or upgrading to energy-efficient, distributed, and ‘smart’ power grids, and working to ensure affordable access to electricity.” 
“Upgrading all existing buildings in the United States and building new buildings to achieve maximal energy efficiency, water efficiency, safety, affordability, comfort, and durability, including through electrification.” 
“Overhauling transportation systems in the United States to eliminate pollution and greenhouse gas emissions from the transportation sector as much as is technologically feasible, including through investment in – (i) zero-emission vehicle infrastructure and manufacturing; (ii) clean, affordable, and accessible public transportation; and (iii) high-speed rail.” 
“Spurring massive growth in clean manufacturing in the United States and removing pollution and greenhouse gas emissions from manufacturing and industry as much as is technologically feasible.” 
“Working collaboratively with farmers and ranchers in the United States to eliminate pollution and greenhouse gas emissions from the agricultural sector as much as is technologically feasible.”
In final summation of what we presented here, it can be clearly stated that the Socialists, disguised as Democrats, have done as was explained above with the explanation given by the Socialist Party candidate for President in 1944.  Let us not be taken into the world of Socialism as all the people running for the Democratic presidential nominee now present it. If we, as citizens, vote to allow the Democrats to continue, they will stand before the microphone and say one thing while going back to their respective offices and doing another.
Democrats want to take the Constitution and all but tear it up. They want to eliminate the Second Amendment and take all the guns away from the people that way they can better control the people. After that, as can be seen today, they wish to eliminate the First Amendment.
We see this today when lies are spread all throughout the news media to “show” the Democrats as the saviors while they are like wolves in sheep’s clothing, waiting for the right moment to spring their trap and take all your rights away. That is why they fight so much to ban guns. Democrats fear the armed populace that may stand up and defend their freedoms with the gun as should be done. We do pray that will never happen but it is why Democrats fear people with guns.  They cannot control them.
We have to decide in the 202o elections if we will continue to keep our freedoms by eliminating as many Democrats as we can or falling into the same death spiral as Venezuela did with their Socialist government. California is a glaring example of what Socialism looks like in our own backyard!
People, this next election will determine just what we are going to be, a free country guided by the Constitution, or a Socialist land controlled by the government.
It is our choice and we pray to Almighty God that “WE THE PEOPLE” wake up and send the Socialists back to where they do no harm to us. It is up to us!
Article posted with permission from Sons Of Liberty Media
    Leon Puissegur  		Leon Puissegur is a Disabled Vietnam Veteran with 3 children and 9
grandchildren. He has been married to the same wonderful lady for 43
years. He is an award-winning author and has been writing opinion pieces over the years and in just the last few years has written 4 books and a large number of articles on many sites. You can purchase his books at Amazon. 	      View all posts    











Related Posts

















John Whitehead


 


The Right To Be Let Alone: When The Government Wants To Know All Your Business


 













Tim Brown


 


Nanny State Dead Ahead! (Video)


 













The Washington Standard


 


People Are Leaving The State: Flies In The Face Of The Same Media That Reported That The Governor Was Reelected By The People, Doesn’t It? (Video)


 













The Washington Standard


 


Parents & Education: Who’s In Charge Of Kids?


 







Previous post

				9/11: 156 Eyewitness Accounts Were Omitted From The Mainstream Media’s Narrative			




Next post

				Texas Shooting Range Mocks Walmart - Bullets By The Pound			






 


Sign Up To Receive Our Daily Updates





* Email








Subscribe






 



 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 






Categories

Commentary

Constitution & Law

Economy

Politics

Uncategorized

US

Videos

World
















Copyright © The Washington Standard, All Rights Reserved.
Our posts contain affiliate links and we earn a small commission from those links. This is how we help to make money so we can continue to bring you amazing content. Thank you for your support.
 

 












SHARE
The Hidden Ideas In The Democratic Party















































