




Prof Sucharit Bhakdi, M.D. – Proof That Puts an End to the SARS-CoV-2 Narrative - prevedeno




















































































Login


Password Reset








Username or Email Address




Password




One Time Code


To complete the login process, please enter the one time code that was sent to your email address.


Don't have an account? Create one here.





Email Address


Please provide the email address associated with your account to receive the password reset instructions.





 Submit
 Cancel












An error has occurred whilst processing your request!

If the issue persists, then please contact us at [email protected].


 Close






BitChute is community funded, we depend on your support to maintain and improve the platform!
Help Us Grow































Login / Register





Categories

 Anime & Animation
 Arts & Literature
 Auto & Vehicles
 Beauty & Fashion
 Business & Finance
 Cuisine
 DIY & Gardening
 Education
 Entertainment
 Gaming
 Health & Medical
 Music
 News & Politics
 People & Family
 Pets & Wildlife
 Science & Technology
 Spirituality & Faith
 Sports & Fitness
 Travel
 Vlogging

Policies

 Community Guidelines
 Terms & Conditions
 Privacy Policy
 Cookie Policy
 Contact Us

Support

 Knowledge Base
 Service Status


© 2017-2022 Bit Chute Limited


Search
Categories
Subscribed
Watch Later
Settings













You are about to action:
Object being modified by the action
Do you want to proceed?



 Action

 Cancel














Share Video Link
https://www.bitchute.com/video/l96xxnMTJnF0/
 Copy to clipboard


Embed Video HTML
<iframe width="640" height="360" scrolling="no" frameborder="0" style="border: none;" src="https://www.bitchute.com/embed/l96xxnMTJnF0/"></iframe>
 Copy to clipboard



 Close













Request Moderation
Registered user account required
Please Login or Register to submit a moderation request.
Email Submissions
We also accept moderation reports via email. Please see the Content Moderation Policy for instructions on how to make a moderation request via email.


 Close















Add to Playlist























Prof Sucharit Bhakdi, M.D. – Proof That Puts an End to the SARS-CoV-2 Narrative - prevedeno







Watch
















Next video playing soon

Click to cancel


Autoplay has been paused

Click to watch next video

































+ 












First published at 01:56 UTC on July 17th, 2021.













Kaleidoskop
Kaleidoskop
  subscribers







Subscribe





prof. Sucharit Bhakdi, dr. med.: "Dokaz kojim se završava narativ o SARS-CoV-2"
Prof. Sucharit Bhakdi, na temelju novih znanstvenih dokaza, objašnjava zašto vjeruje da: - je vaš imunosni sustav vaša najbolja obrana od SARS-CoV-2, kao i od…
 MORE
prof. Sucharit Bhakdi, dr. med.: "Dokaz kojim se završava narativ o SARS-CoV-2"
Prof. Sucharit Bhakdi, na temelju novih znanstvenih dokaza, objašnjava zašto vjeruje da: - je vaš imunosni sustav vaša najbolja obrana od SARS-CoV-2, kao i od svih koronavirusa;- ako ste bili zaraženi, čak i ako uopće niste imali simptome, imuni ste na sve inačice koronavirusa;- smo već postigli imunitet krda;- ne postoji znanstveni razlog za cijepljenje protiv SARS-CoV-2. Cijepljenje je jednostavno beskorisno i treba ga obustaviti. 
8. srpnja 2021.
Prevoditelj: nepoznat
Izvor: Oracle Filmshttps://brandnewtube.com/watch/quot-proof-that-puts-a-end-to-the-sars-cov-2-narrative-quot-professor-sucharit-bhakdi_895vxLrSVgHYH7y.html
 LESS


CategoryNone
SensitivityNormal - Content that is suitable for ages 16 and over






The owner has disabled comments on this video.











Advertisement 






Playing Next









 11.3K
1:02:39



James Corbett with Dr. Reiner Fuellmich and Viviane Fischer - hrvatski prijevod
Kaleidoskop
1 year, 7 months ago




Related Videos





 2812
2:08



Becerra gets burned by sen. Rand Paul - hrvatski prijevod
1 year, 4 months ago







 128K
30:36



Dr. Vladimir Zelenko testifies before Israeli Rabbinical Court - hrvatski prijevod
1 year, 6 months ago







 24.9K
7:56



Dr. Charles Hoffe - HOW SPIKE PROTEINS FROM COVID VACCINES CREATE BLOOD CLOTS - hrvatski prijevod
1 year, 7 months ago







 20.1K
13:00



Miguel Escobar Boldly Speaks Against COVID Protocols to the School Board - hrvatski prijevod
1 year, 7 months ago







 21.0K
17:09



Dr. David Martin: "They are knowingly injecting an agent of death" - hrvatski prijevod
1 year, 7 months ago







 25.5K
10:34



Dr. Reiner Fuellmich at Worldwide Freedom Rally in London - Oracle Films - hrvatski prijevod
1 year, 7 months ago






 Warning - This video exceeds your sensitivity preference!
To dismiss this warning and continue to watch the video please click on the button below.
Note - Autoplay has been disabled for this video.
 Watch this video








Advertisement 
Dismiss 














This advertisement has been selected by the videos creator, Kaleidoskop.
This advertisement has been selected by the BitChute platform.
By purchasing and/or using the linked product you are helping to cover the costs of running BitChute.
It is free for anyone to opt-out of receiving advertising via the Interface tab on the Settings page.
To help support BitChute or find out more about our creator monetization policy:






HELP US GROW





CREATOR MONETIZATION







 Close













Company

 Our Commitment
 Contact Us



Policies

 Community Guidelines
 Terms & Conditions
 Privacy Policy
 Cookie Policy



Support

 Knowledge Base
 Service Status




BitChute is a peer-to-peer content sharing platform. Creators are allowed to post content they produce to the platform, so long as they comply with our policies. The content posted to the platform is not reflective or representative of the views of Bit Chute Limited, its staff or owners. © 2017-2022 Bit Chute Limited, Box 813, Andover House, George Yard, Andover, Hampshire, SP10 1PB. United Kingdom. Company number 10637289.



l96xxnMTJnF0



































