








 

   


























































Millennials, Gen Z voters helped get Joe Biden to the White House, analysis shows | WRIC ABC 8News










































































































Skip to content


WRIC ABC 8News





Richmond

44°













 Sign Up


Richmond

44°








Sponsored By

  



Toggle Menu


Open Navigation





Close Navigation










Search




Please enter a search term.



Primary Menu

NEWS



Local News
Virginia News
What’s Trending?
Crime
Sign up for email news alerts
Virginia Elections & Politics
Politics from The Hill
Capitol Connection
Taking Action: 8News Investigates
Virginia Lottery
Business
Washington Huddle
U.S. and World
Weird News
BestReviews
BestReviews Daily Deals
Press Releases
Automotive


WEATHER



Today’s Outlook
VIPIR Virginia Weather Radar
Hourly & 8-Day Forecast
Temperatures in Virginia
Richmond Weather Cams
Closings & Delays
Report a Closing
Weather Alerts
Sign up for StormTracker8 weather alerts


TRAFFIC
WATCH



Watch ABC 8News Newscasts
Watch Live Events
Watch All Videos
TV Listings
Children’s Programming


COMMUNITY



Honoring Black History
Events Calendar
Positively Richmond
Health Matters Sponsored by Bon Secours
Showcase Richmond
Lottery
Horoscopes


804 EXPERTS



Crawl Space Repair Expert
E-Waste Recycling Expert
Financial Services Expert
Heating & Air Conditioning Expert
Home Generator Expert
Podiatrist Expert
Window Replacement Expert
Wood Floor Refinishing Expert


CONTESTS



Apollo Sweepstakes
Pick The Flicks Sweepstakes
Playing With Light Sweepstakes
$5k Car Payment Sweepstakes
Contest Winners
Sign up for contest email alerts


ABOUT 8NEWS



Contact Us
Meet the WRIC ABC 8News Team
Advertise With Us
Work for 8News
Sign up for email newsletters
Download the free 8News and StormTracker 8 mobile apps!
Regional News Partners
8News is on Alexa!
About BestReviews
Privacy Policy
Rescan your TV
Do Not Sell My Personal Information


JOBS



Find a Job
Post a Job




Search




Please enter a search term.











    












2020 Election


				Millennials, Gen Z voters helped get Joe Biden to the White House, analysis shows			


		by: Russell Falcon 

			Posted: Nov 8, 2020 / 10:48 AM EST 

			Updated: Nov 8, 2020 / 10:49 AM EST 











		by: Russell Falcon 

			Posted: Nov 8, 2020 / 10:48 AM EST 

			Updated: Nov 8, 2020 / 10:49 AM EST 



SHARE





























AUSTIN (KXAN) — The kids are alright, at least when it comes to turning out to vote.
An analysis of youth voter turnout from Tufts University’s Center for Information and Research on Civic Learning and Engagement (CIRCLE), shows voters aged 18-29 rose 8% in participation from the 2016 election.
Despite a tendency to be dismissed or disparaged by older Americans, CIRCLE estimates that 49-52% of young people participated in the election — and say the final tally could reach up to 56%. For comparison, only 28% of young people voted in the 2018 midterms.
And these voters overwhelmingly preferred now President-Elect Joe Biden to current President Donald Trump — this was especially crucial in battleground states.
According to CIRCLE, in Michigan 62% of this age group supported Biden, an estimated 194,000 votes. In Georgia, Biden received an estimated 188,000 more votes than Trump courtesy of the youth. These numbers are relatively echoed in Arizona and the highly critical state of Pennsylvania.
Even before Election Day, data shows that over 10 million youth cast early and absentee ballots.


  




		Amid historic pandemic & social turmoil, what can we expect from President-elect Biden?	


Young people of color supported Biden in majorities between 73 and 87% — highest among Black youth — while support among white youth is only a 51% majority.
CIRCLE put together an interactive map showing what the U.S. would look like if only young people voted and the results are staggering: Biden would win 33 of 50 states.
(Courtesy of Tufts University Tisch College/CIRCLE)
And voters from younger generations are only ever going to increase — and as evidenced above, they are wildly different than their parents and grandparents.
Millennials and Gen Z now outnumber Boomers — and they’re less impressed by older generations
“Ok, Boomer.”


  

The two-word retort that rose to fame on social media in 2019 is a crystallization of younger generations’ thirst for taking power from older Americans who have called the shots for decades. 
August analysis from the Brookings Institution showed that 50.7% of U.S. residents are under the age of 40, at least as of July 2019. That equals to about 166 million Millennials, Gen Z or younger Americans to 162 baby boomers, Gen X and older Americans.
“To many Americans — especially baby boomers themselves — this news may come as a shock. For them, the term “millennial” has been associated with a youthful, often negative, vibe in terms of habits, ideology, and politics,” said William Frey, a Brookings senior fellow.



		President Trump supporters gather at Capitol for ‘Stop the Steal’ rally	


Coupled with Millennial and Gen Z’s trend to be more liberal, this collective also tends to be more diverse. Frey says that among those Americans younger than 40, almost half identify as part of a racial or ethnic minority. This diversity likely contributes to these voters’ tendency to be more passionate about reforms in the criminal justice system and race relations.


  

And unlike previous generations, younger Americans are less inclined to respect their elders by giving respect merely based on age.

The Republican platform has been dedicated to ending the current healthcare system, which would jeopardize the lives of tens of millions of Americans.I do not owe any kindness to people who tell me my life doesn't matter to them with their votes.But ok boomer.— I am not Nathan (@NathanJCaboose) November 8, 2020

Younger generations’ disdain for older, more conservative mentalities is typified by the “Ok boomer” catchphrase, as the retort is generally meant to signal humorous mocking and dismissal of the other person as out of touch and stuck in their ways.
John Kelly, a senior research editor at Dictionary.com explained to NBC News: A ‘boomer’ [in this case] is an older, angry white male who is shaking his fist at the sky while not being able to take an insult. They have close-minded opinions, are resistant to change — whether it’s new technology or gender inclusivity — and are generally out of touch with how their behaviors affect other people.”
So where does younger Americans weariness of older Americans come from?


  

In addition to politics, the role of older Americans in the 2007-2009 Great Recession may be a root.  The perception by many in younger generations is that Boomer and Gen X financially thrived at the expense of reckless financial decisions that condemned them to poor employment opportunities, staggering debt and unstable markets.



		Watch: Jim Carrey, as Biden, mocks Trump loss on ‘SNL’	


Countless studies show the Millennials in particular were hit, and continue to be hit, the hardest by the recession’s consequences — and it’s widely theorized they’ll likely end up being the first generation in modern history to end up poorer than their parents.
Economic reporter at the Washington Post, Andrew Van Dam says “Millennials will bear these economic scars the rest of their lives, in the form of lower earnings, lower wealth and delayed milestones, such as homeownership.”
And now, younger generations are facing the COVID-19 economy. 


  

Adding to the blame, is Boomers equal disdain for younger generations: Millennials are often characterized as coddled, infantile adults. Gen Z are knocked for their willingness to speak up against injustice — which many older Americans may see as imposed “PC culture.”
Gen Z’s refusal to bow down to older generations, especially those in power, can be displayed in the 300% rise in streams of rappers YG and Nipsey Hussle’s “FDT” on Saturday. The 2016 song also hit number 1 on iTunes shortly after Biden’s victory. 
You can likely figure out what “FDT” stands for.

2020 ELECTION COVERAGE

More 2020 Election Coverage





Copyright 2023 Nexstar Media Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.



 





 










			
			Why Toblerone is getting rid of the Matterhorn on …
							


Food / 7 hours ago 


Toblerone packaging can no longer feature words, phrases or images that lead consumers to believe the product was manufactured in Switzerland.



















			
			Best vanity mirror
							


Sinks & Vanities / 10 hours ago 


From applying makeup to shaving or styling your hair, a vanity mirror is a great addition to your bathroom or bedroom.



















			
			Best disco ball
							


Party Supplies / 10 hours ago 


You might normally find them spinning above a dance floor, but with their iconic retro appeal, disco balls can make great home decor, too.
















				View All BestReviews
							


 
Close



Thanks for signing up!
Watch for us in your inbox.



Subscribe Now

						Daily News					
















SIGN UP NOW













		
		Top Stories
					








			
			Longer school year approved for Fairfield Court Elementary
							























			
			General Assembly going into overtime to finish budget
							























			
			Va. railroad safety bill rejected before train derailment
							























			
			GOP panel kills effort to scrap same-sex marriage …
							























			
			GOP plan defunds state agency on marijuana
							




















				Top Stories
							




  





		
		More Stories
					








			
			Married Hanover couple arrested on multiple sex crimes
							























			
			WInds to die down tonight
							























			
			Remarkable Women: Kenbridge’s first Black female …
							























			
			38th Annual Lebanese Food Festival coming in May
							


















			
			Virginia to offer grants for K-12 tutoring
							


















			
			Inmate dies while being admitted to Dinwiddie hospital
							


















			
			Feed More plans new headquarters in Henrico County
							























			
			Jim Boeheim’s long career at Syracuse ends
							




















				More Stories
							




  






		
		WRIC ABC 8News Video
		
			











			
			
			Wednesday Overnight Forecast
					

33 mins ago 



















			
			
			Cannabis group urges Youngkin to change bill to crack …
					

6 hours ago 



















			
			
			Police investigating fatal shooting in South Richmond
					

3 days ago 



















			
			
			Richmond Black Restaurant Experience starts 7th year …
					

3 days ago 



















			
			
			Hanover family reacts to insulin price cuts
					

3 days ago 



















			
			
			20-year-old man shot, killed near UVA’s campus in …
					

3 days ago 



















			
			
			$162 million Powerball ticket purchased in Virginia
					

3 days ago 



















			
			
			Woman shot in Shockoe Bottom in Richmond
					

3 days ago 



















			
			
			Multiple people break into Broad Street dealership, …
					

3 weeks ago 



















			
			
			Henrico Police release video of W Broad Street burglary
					

3 weeks ago 

















				More Videos
							






  





		
		More from WRIC ABC 8News
					








			
			Restricting solitary confinement not a done deal
							























			
			Man shot at Chesterfield nightclub Sunday morning
							























			
			Va. lawmakers take on China as ‘spy balloon’ raises …
							























			
			Va. House passes bills impacting transgender students
							























			
			State board advances harshly criticized history standards
							























			
			March for Life returns after abortion bans fail
							























			
			Lawmakers target correctional facilities’ added fees
							























			
			Medical use of ‘magic mushrooms’ in Virginia rejected
							




















				More from WRIC ABC 8News
							




  







  


 


		
		Trending Stories
					








			
			Lift catches fire, construction worker shocked downtown
							





















			
			Former House speaker to ‘consider’ run for VA governor
							





















			
			Two arrested after shooting at Chesterfield home
							
















			
			Va. married couple stole $2.5M in COVID relief funds
							
















			
			Inmate dies while being admitted to Dinwiddie hospital
							
















			
			21 Spoons named best local restaurant by ‘Southern …
							





















			
			Va. doctor sentenced for illegal substance distribution
							
















			
			Virginia to offer grants for K-12 tutoring
							
















			
			Remarkable Women: Kenbridge’s first Black female …
							





















			
			Married Hanover couple arrested on multiple sex crimes
							


















				More Trending Stories
							



            no iframe support!







  





  





  



  














						8News is your source for local news and weather in Richmond and Central Virginia					




News
Richmond Weather from StormTracker8
Taking Action Investigations
Watch Video
Community
804 Experts
Sports
Contests
About 8News


About Our Ads
FCC Public File
EEO Report
Children’s programming





Get News App




Get the iOS app





Get the Android app from Google Play






Stay Connected

















































							Privacy Policy						



							Terms Of Use						



							Covers						



							FCC Applications						



							Public File Assistance Contact						


 


							The Hill						



							NewsNation						



							BestReviews						



							Content Licensing						



							Nexstar Digital						



							Journalistic Integrity						


 Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information








				© 1998 - 2023 Nexstar Media Inc. | All Rights Reserved.			












					✕
				

× Close Ad

  



























