


















































Zoom Burnout: Be More Productive, Ditch Those Video Calls – Expert | Health | Before It's News



















You're using an Ad-Blocker.
BeforeItsNews only exists through ads.We ask all patriots who appreciate the evil we expose and want to
help us savage the NWO with more Truth to disable your ad-blocker on our site only so we can grow and expose more evil!Funding
gives us more weapons! Thank you patriots! Oh and If you disable the Ad-blocker - on your deathbed you will receive total
consciousness. So you got that going for you...which is nice!



Disable
Dismiss




 
Before It's News











Featured |
Economy |
Health |
Beyond Science |
Power of Belief |
Sustainable Living|
Inspiration |
Live |
Video |
Top 50 |
Most Recent |
Shopping |
Categories









Read the Beforeitsnews.com story here.
Advertise at Before It's News here.








By Natural Blaze

Contributor profile |
More stories







Story Views



Now:



Last hour:



Last 24 hours:



Total:





 






Zoom Burnout: Be More Productive, Ditch Those Video Calls – Expert


Wednesday, March 17, 2021 14:42 






% of readers think this story is Fact. Add your two cents.
























By Paul Levy, University of Brighton
Just as other brand names make their way into the dictionary, Zoom has now become a daily verb and a noun. We Zoom each other, we say “Let’s have a Zoom,” and we get Zoom fatigue. Now there’s Zoom burnout as well – a phrase that encompasses a lot more than the eye strain of too much screen time.
Emerging research shows we get less done and we may end up unnecessarily replicating communication in our personal and working lives. A new study highlights the causes of this fatigue and how to deal with it.
Too much Zooming can become mentally demanding. There’s a lot of evidence that when people are mentally tired, they tend to act less efficiently. Sustained performance on a mentally demanding task decreases over time.
Also, when we’re fatigued, our working memory performs less well. We become forgetful, our listening quality degrades and recording Zoom meetings for later viewing simply creates more energy sapping screen time. 






The online meetings designed to get things done could be the very things harming our productivity, just at a time when margins are particularly tight and businesses are financially on the edge. And there’s some evidence that using audio only might be more productive than an overload of screen meetings.
 Zoom fatigue
The new study highlights the psychological impact of spending hours each day on a range of video calling platforms. The study found people often reach “non-verbal overload” with too much eye contact. This means we need to work harder to send and receive all those non-verbal signals that are lost when many of us are just a head filling the screen.
In face-to-face meetings, another study points out, non verbal communication flows naturally and “we are rarely consciously attending to our own gestures and other nonverbal cues”. This is one of the reasons many people can’t wait to get back to face-to-face. For others, Zooming is fine until the fatigue kicks in, then an unease arises.
Natural and Non-Toxic Products. Up to 50% Off – Every Day (Ad)
This is where the good old phone meeting could come in. The same study describes “a wonderful illusion that occurs during phone calls”. We’re no longer weighed down with non verbal overload or eye contact meltdown. We may even stretch, move around the room, even make a cup of tea as we speak.
We tend to imagine we are getting 100% of the others’ attention on a phone call. The researchers conclude that “only a minority of calls require staring at another person’s face to successfully communicate”. 






 Give up Zoom?
Many experts are now calling for fewer Zoom meetings.
Yet, evidence for seriously considering meeting over the phone comes from other academic work that goes back a lot further. Early studies comparing TV radio, newspapers and computer screens identified newspapers as enabling significantly highest recall of facts. Computer screens surprisingly performed closer to newspapers and better than TV and radio. So, one up for the screens? The problem is we tend to remember less when we have screen fatigue.



In contrast, a lot of research confirms how radio stimulates the imagination. “I prefer radio to TV because the pictures are clearer,” goes the old saying. Whether with the phone, radio or podcasts, our active imagination is more engaged actively listening than when we passively view. And we can become very passive when we’re screen exhausted.
Some neuroscience research has confirmed that when our imaginations are active they can become more emotionally stimulated. Scientists have interpreted this as an indicator that the audio content requires active imagination on the part of the listener.
One further piece of research becomes critical here, suggesting that imagination runs hand in hand with motivation. According to this view, imagination can make us more goal directed, more likely to get things done. Zoom fatigue can have the opposite effect. The imaginative process inherent in the audio call increases the likelihood that we’ll make good on our intentions.
If this is true – and there needs to be more research in the problem – it will certainly be time to become more conscious of when and how often we meet on Zoom, for how long and for what purpose.
Try holding some of your work meetings by phone. It might seem strange at first and take a bit of getting used to, but you might just find your meetings are more productive and satisfying. Your imagination might kick into gear and re-fire your motivation. I’m not saying banish all the Zooming, just re-balance your use of audio and screen.
Paul Levy, Senior Researcher in Innovation Management, University of Brighton
This article is republished from The Conversation under a Creative Commons license. Read the original article.
Top image: Too much screen time. Shutterstock/Girts Ragelis

Let’s block ads! (Why?)


Source:  http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/naturalblaze/~3/1D9oys1XMBU/zoom-burnout-be-more-productive-ditch-those-video-calls-expert.html 














Before It’s News® is a community of individuals who report on what’s going on around them, from all around the world.
Anyone can join.
Anyone can contribute.
Anyone can become informed about their world.
"United We Stand" Click Here To Create Your Personal Citizen Journalist
Account Today, Be Sure To Invite Your Friends.


Please Help Support BeforeitsNews by trying our Natural Health Products below!Order by Phone at 888-809-8385 or online at https://mitocopper.com M - F 9am to 5pm ESTOrder by Phone at 866-388-7003 or online at https://www.herbanomic.com M - F 9am to 5pm ESTOrder by Phone at 866-388-7003 or online at https://www.herbanomics.com M - F 9am to 5pm ESTHumic & Fulvic Trace Minerals Complex - Nature's most important supplement! Vivid Dreams again!HNEX HydroNano EXtracellular Water - Improve immune system health and reduce inflammation.Ultimate Clinical Potency Curcumin - Natural pain relief, reduce inflammation and so much more.MitoCopper - Bioavailable Copper destroys pathogens and gives you more energy. (See Blood Video)Oxy Powder - Natural Colon Cleanser!  Cleans out toxic buildup with oxygen!Nascent Iodine - Promotes detoxification, mental focus and thyroid health.Smart Meter Cover -  Reduces Smart Meter radiation by 96%! (See Video). 


















Related Stories

 












Comments
 Click here to cancel reply.

Your Comments







































MOST RECENT











Load more ...









HELP KEEP NEWS FREE
DONATE HERE


OLD VERSION


FORUM








Online:



Visits:
1,467,990,242


Stories:
7,870,824





Wanted: Citizen Reporters,Whistler Blowers, Insiders
CLICK HERE TO UPLOAD NEWS!




God's Word - Psalm 39 Listen to God's Word on Youtube! Donate to Share God's Word!













Loading... 





"Not by might, nor by power, but by my spirit, saith the Lord of hosts." Zechariah 4:6


BEFORE IT'S NEWS ON TELEGRAM
GET THE TELEGRAM APP - https://telegram.org/
JOIN OUR CHANNEL - https://t.me/BeforeitsNews


Read it..
BEFORE IT'S NEWS
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER



Submit




Today's Top Stories

Situation Update - America On The Brink! Deep State Continues To Trigger WW3! White Hats Plan For The Final Takedown! Coming Zombie Apocalypse! - We The People NewsTrump Puts The DeepState On Notice - Media Scrambling - Its The End Of The World As They've Known It!Get Out Now! - Federal Emergency - 10 States - "Super Dangerous" - Patrick Humphrey NewsNew Patriot Underground & Ben Fulford Intel: CFR & Distraction Wars - Underground Truth Accelerating - Giza, Soledar & Bakhmut - Taiwan Invasion Prep - China Boosts Semi-Conductor ChipSG Anon: How We Must Take Action (Video) New Benjamin Fulford on Fake Pandemics and System ResetStage Set! Drop Clinton Crime Videos in Times Square! Unimaginable Treason! Pure Evil! Hell on Earth!Bombshell: FOIA Documents Reveal COVID Pandemic Was a DOD Operation Dating Back to Obama! - 'Pfizer' Caught Admitting "Babies Died During the 'mRNA' COVID-19 Vaccine Trials- Gates Foundation Insider Admits...America’s Buried History of White SlaveryAlert: Moscow Explosion, Russia Preps for Martial Law, "Worst Market Crash Ever", NK Nuclear Drill! - Canadian Prepper 










Loading... 


 


Featured

X22 Report - Trump Is Vengeance! War-Like Posture Activated! Thank You For Playing! - Must VideoBreaking: Russia Just Issued Space Warning! Get Ready! - Grand Supreme NewsHow China Controls The Australian Economy! - Epic Economist The Most Doomed Cities & Why Technical Progress Has Stalled - Peter Thiel on The Rubin Report (Video)Fake New Age False Gurus & Spiritual Charlatans. Evil Deceivers Exposed Part 1. The Greatest New Age Lies and Misconceptions Exposed And We Know Interview With Dr. Kirk Elliott - There’s Always Hope With Your Finances, Regardless Of The State Of The Earth! - Must VideoNow They Can Actually Use WiFi “To See People Through Walls”Boots on the Ground…March 5th…Fires and Crashes…On purpose or accidents?Forecasting 2023 Earthquake Windows in the Magnetic AnomalyBeware the Ides of March is Here! The Next Two Weeks May Change Everything! 










Loading... 


 


Top Global

Katie Hobbs Busted for Accepting Bribes, Ohio Rail Derailment Update, 144000, Anti-Christ and More (Video) Breaking: Russia Just Issued Space Warning! Get Ready! - Grand Supreme NewsHow China Controls The Australian Economy! - Epic Economist Beware the Ides of March is Here! The Next Two Weeks May Change Everything!President Trump Alert! Massive Crowds Now Support Big Change in 2024 Election Cycle! New Information Shows A Major Superpower Is Closer To Collapsing Than We Thought! - Must VideoDefeating the World Economic Forum’s ‘Great Reset’ Before It Destroys UsBan mRNA Shots!, Real Black History, New COVID Ad, Space Facts, Amazon Kills, the Fetzer Boogie (Video) Palestinian/Israeli update 03/05/2023..International furor continues over Smotrich's Hawara statementHumanity’s real enemy – the World Economic Forum. 









Top Alternative

Proof the Jabbed Are Trackable Everywhere: The Vaccinated Are Marked and Cannot Be UnmarkedTrump update 03/05/2023..Donald Trump wins CPAC straw poll with 62% of the voteGeoengineering Watch Global Alert News, March 4,Being Old Is a State of MindDefeating the World Economic Forum’s ‘Great Reset’ Before It Destroys UsThe Fundamental Transformation of AmericaFeds Refuse to Punish Illegal Aliens for Killing EagleAuthorities Decided to Drain This River But Didn't Expect to Find This at the Bottom Iconic Restaurant Chains That Don't Exist Anymore in America New York: Strange Creature Caught on CCTV Camera 



 






SignUp
Login






About | Advertise With Us | FAQ | Contact
| Privacy | Terms of Service
| Copyright Notification | RSS Subscribe | Widgets
Portions copyright © 2023 NSearch Technology, Inc., All Rights Reserved.Before It's News® is a registered Service Mark of NSearch Technology,
Inc..



Newsletter
Email this story
Email this story








If you really want to ban this commenter, please write down the reason:




If you really want to disable all recommended stories, click on OK button. After that, you will be redirect to your options page.







