





CDC Report Admits Mask-Wearing Provides No Real Protection Against Covid


























































































 





































  

















Home
ForumNew Forum Home
Login
Register

News
Health
Control
Cosmos
Spirituality
Forbidden History
Conspiracy
Finance
Documentaries
 








Home
ForumNew

Forum Home
Login
Register


News
Health
Control
Cosmos
Spirituality
Forbidden History
Conspiracy
Finance
Documentaries
 






 











 


Coronavirus 
CDC Report Admits Mask-Wearing Provides No Real Protection Against Covid 
HAFMarch 12, 2021 
  
On March 5, the United States Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) published a report admitting that face masks do not provide protection against the Wuhan coronavirus (Covid-19), and potentially worsen infection risk.
Authored by more than a dozen medical doctors, PhD researchers, and attorneys, the research found that wearing a mask or not wearing a mask produces roughly the same outcome in terms of the number of “cases” and deaths blamed on the Wuhan virus.

Between March 1 and Dec. 31 of last year, 2,313 of America’s 3,142 counties were under a statewide mask mandate. County-by-county data shows a statistically insignificant difference in health outcomes between masked versus unmasked counties.
“[A]ccording to the federal government agency that is responsible for managing the COVID-1984 pandemic, the difference between mask mandates and no mask mandate is literally just a 1.32% difference,” writes Simon Black for Sovereign Man.
“And bear in mind, it’s entirely possible that the real figure is even lower than that, given all the questionable COVID statistics.”
Considering seasonal influenza vanished in 2020-2021, down 56 million compared to the season prior, the data would suggest that masked areas are actually more prone to disease spread.
“[I]s it possible that maybe, just maybe, at least some influenza cases have been misdiagnosed as COVID?” asks Black. “If that’s the case, then the real impact of masks on COVID growth rates is potentially much lower than 1.32%.”
The CDC itself would appear to recognize this, admitting towards the end of the report that mask mandates merely “have the potential” – but not the science – “to slow the spread of COVID-19.”
Mask-wearing is a death sentence for humanity
In “legalese,” anything has the potential to do anything, as the word potential is an all-encompassing term with subjective intent. Masks have never been, and never will be, proven to provide any actual protection against the Wuhan flu.
The fact that the World Health Organization (WHO) took the word potential and made it into definitive policy shows how unscientific these governing bodies truly are when it comes to how they determine public health guidelines.
“It makes [us] wonder whether Google and Facebook are gearing up to censor this report, given they have self-appointed themselves as the Ministry of Truth,” Black jokes.
Even the corrupt CDC, a private corporation, was unable to twist the data in such a way as to even make it seem as though masks are anything other than a harm-inducing placebo. The agency was forced to admit that masks are little more than snake oil, in other words.
As for the negative impacts of mask-wearing on society, an earlier study published in the journal Nature found that Americans who wear masks are much more likely to engage in riskier activities that could harm them.
According to the “experts,” mask-wearers on average spend 11-24 fewer minutes at home than non-mask-wearers. Mask-wearers are more prone to go to a restaurant or some other “high-risk location.”
Research: Masks Cause Gum Disease, Which Increases Coronavirus Death Risk By 900%
Not only that, but chronic mask-wearing has led to a spike in rates of mental health issues and suicide.
Depression, despair, and hopelessness are hallmarks of mandatory mask policies, as forcing people to wrap their faces in Chinese plastic is abnormal, anti-social, and destructive.
In Japan, the suicide rate among children skyrocketed by 49 percent after mask policies were implemented.
The U.S. government’s Substance Abuse and Mental Health Service (SAMHSA) also reported an 890 percent increase in call volume to its nationwide suicide hotline last April.
“There can be no rational discourse on the topic,” Black laments about discussing these politically incorrect data points. “You’re not allowed to ask any questions or express any intellectual dissent, otherwise you’ll be denounced as a conspiracy theorist.”
Source: AFinalWarning.com / Reference: SovereignMan.com

 








Moderna Scientists (Funded by Billy Boy) Bragged About Using mRNA to ‘Hack the Kingdom of Life’ 
Previous post





Watch Fauci Admitting There Is No ‘Science’ Behind Continued Lockdown 
Next post




Related Articles 





 


ConspiracyCoronavirus


D.O.D. Issued a Contract for ‘COVID-19 Research’ in Ukraine 3 Months Before COVID-19 Officially Existed
HAFMay 21, 2022 






 


CoronavirusDepopulationWar


Pentagon-Funded Ukraine Biolabs: Germany Studied How Bioweapons Spread Epidemics
HAFApril 18, 2022 







 


ConspiracyCoronavirusDepopulationHealthcare


The Next ‘Great Pandemic’ Claiming Astronomical Death Counts is Now Being Marketed to the Public
HAFApril 17, 2022 







 


CoronavirusHealthcare


Study: More People Under 65 Died from Alcohol-Related Causes in 2020 Than of COVID
HAFMarch 29, 2022 


 












Get new posts by email:  Subscribe

Popular Posts this Week



Declassified Document Reveals the US Government Discovered an Ancient Martian Race
Throughout the decades, America’s infamous Central Inte...



Journalist Peter Hitchens: Wrecking the Economy and the State-sponsored Panic Killed More People Than Covid
Journalist Peter Hitchens: Wrecking the Economy and the...



The Eulogy of Queen Elizabeth II That You Won’t See On Your TV
Turn on a TV, open a web browser, or scroll social medi...



Fauci Paid $453K to Make Primates Transgender
Anthony Fauci recently announced he would be stepping d...



George Soros’ Chief Mission is the Downfall of America
Billionaire George Soros is that rare megalomaniac who...



The Encounter of a US Army Officer With Blue-Skinned Andromedans
The number of alien species in the universe is the subj...



World Economic Forum Reveals Plan to Block Out the Sun With ‘Space Bubbles’
In June of 2019, the World Economic Forum — a private g...



Proof that Osama bin Laden Was CIA and Died in 2001 — Bush – Laden – CIA Connections
Watching the main stream media is something I don't do...



World Economic Forum Calls for Merging of Human and AI Intel to Censor ‘Hate Speech’ & ‘Misinformation’
Despite the fact that no one asked, the World Economic...



Greenpeace Founder Patrick Moore Says Climate Change Based On False Narratives
A series of email exchanges between Greenpeace Founder...



Get new posts by email:  Subscribe





Or donate using cryptocurrency

Categories

5G Dangers

About me

Agenda 2030

Alzheimer's

Archons

Art. in German

Artificial Intelligence (A.I.

Ayahuasca

Big Brother

Big Pharma

Big Tech

Bilderberg

Billy Boy

Black Knight

Brainwashing

Brexit

Caeli Francisco

Cancer

Cashless Agenda

Censorship

Chemtrails

Child Trafficking

Clinton

Cold War 2

Communism

Consciousness

Conspiracy

Contact Tracing

Control

Coronavirus

Cosmos

Crisis Actors

Crop Circles

Crypto News

Crystal Skulls

Cyber Polygon

Cyberattacks

Deep State

Dejan Davchevski

Demonic Possession

Depopulation

Detox

Diabetes

Digital ID

Directed Energy Weapons

Disney

Documentaries

Drag Queen Story Time

DuPont

Ebola

Education

EMP Dangers

Empaths

ETs UFOs

Evil Corporations

Fake News

False Flags

Fasting

Federal Reserve

FEMA

Feminism

Finance

Fluoride

Forbidden History

Free Energy

Free Speech

Free Spirit

Freemasonry

Fukushima

Geoengineering

George Soros

Giants

Global Warming Hoax

GMO

Great Awakening

Great Reset

Green New Deal

Grounding

Guest Writers

HAARP

Healthcare

Hemp

Henry Kissinger

Hollow Earth

ID2020

Illuminati

Immunity Passports

Inspiration

Inspirational Public Figures

Internet of Things

Jeffrey Epstein

JFK

Julian Websdale

Julie Alexander

Khali Carol

Laura Jane

Lisa Morris

Lucy Alvet

Makia Freeman

Mandela Effect

Mari A. Raphael

Mark Nestmann

Mass Formation Psychosis

Medical Kidnapping

Meditation

Michael Martin

Microchip Implant

Migrant Crisis

Mind Control

Monsanto

MSM

Mysteries

News

Nikola Tesla

Nuclear Hazard

NWO

Occult Knowledge

OOPArt

Orwellian Wrongthink

Papal Bloodlines

PhD Anonymous

Pienaar Arno

Pineal Gland

Planet X

Planned Parenthood

Pole Shift

Police State

Political Correctness

Pollution

Pornification & Sexualization

Preppers

Project MKUltra

Propaganda

Pyramids

Q and A

Quotes

Racism

Recent Articles

Reincarnation

Religion

Rene’ Descartes

Richard Hoyle

Rockefeller

Rothschild

Sacred Geometry

Sacred Water

Satanism

Satanist Pedophiles

Science

Secret Societies

Secret Space Program

Sexualizing children

SJW

Smart Dust

Smart Meters

Social Credit Score

Spirituality

Sponsor Books

Stephanie MacDonald

Strange Murders

Subscribe

Sun-gazing

Sustainable Housing

Symbolism

Synchronicity

Technocracy

The Anunnaki

The Bush Family

The Matrix

The Vatican

Time Travel

Transgender Agenda

Transhumanism

TROLLS

Tyranny

Uncategorized

Universal Basic Income

Videos

Voting is Rigged

W.H.O.

War

War on Cash

War on Children

War on Drugs

War on Food

Weather Terrorism

Wi-Fi Dangers

Wisdom

World Economic Forum

WTC (9/11

Zephyr Prayers

Zika Virus

Zionism

Zodiac




 










This Month's Most Read



Declassified Document Reveals the US Government Discovered an Ancient Martian Race



George Soros’ Chief Mission is the Downfall of America



Fauci Paid $453K to Make Primates Transgender



 

Most Recent Posts




Swedish Government Grants $175,000 to Fund Drag Queen Shows for Children
4:00 AM




Reporter Uncovers Manson Family Connections to CIA’s MK Ultra Mind Control and Hollywood Child Trafficking
3:00 AM




Austin, TX: Pro-LGBTQP Curriculum Will Teach Third-graders How to Have Anal Sex (Public Education Becomes Pedophilia Indoctrination)
2:00 AM




460,000 Missing Children in the USA Each Year — While the Entire Dinosaur Media Protects Pedophiles
4:00 AM




New Book Exposes Obama’s Youth: He Considered a Gay Fling, Had COCAINE With a White Girl, Proposed Twice to Another, and CHEATED on Michelle Before They Married
3:00 AM




11,000 Scientists Sign Paper: Humans Are Bad Because They Eat Meat and Engage in Transportation
2:00 AM




Saying “It’s Okay to be White” is Now Considered a HATE CRIME in America
4:00 AM




When Alt Media Was Exposing Epstein, ABC & MSM Was Covering it Up — Who’s the Real Fake News?
3:00 AM




Google Search: Organic Products Are “A Lie”, GMOs Are “Good for You” and Supplements Are “Scams” in Latest Anti-health Search Manipulation
2:00 AM




What You Think is Controlled by What You Watch, and What You Watch is Controlled by the Elite
4:00 AM


 






Subscribe for daily articles:






Search Entire Site


 







© Copyright 2020 Humans Are Free. Creative Commons License. 

Home
Contact Us
Authors and Writers
Privacy policy
Dark Mode
 




























