





World Economic Forum: By 2030 'You Will Own Nothing' (New World Order Detailed)


























































































 





































  

















Home
ForumNew Forum Home
Login
Register

News
Health
Control
Cosmos
Spirituality
Forbidden History
Conspiracy
Finance
Documentaries
 








Home
ForumNew

Forum Home
Login
Register


News
Health
Control
Cosmos
Spirituality
Forbidden History
Conspiracy
Finance
Documentaries
 






 











 


Agenda 2030ControlNWO 
World Economic Forum: By 2030 ‘You Will Own Nothing’ (New World Order Detailed) 
HAFOctober 25, 2020 
  
The World Economic Forum (WEF) public relations released a video entitled: “8 Predictions for the World in 2030.”
Short as it may be, it offers a telling glimpse into what the technocratic elite has in store for the rest of us.
According to the WEF, this is how the world will be transformed as part of Agenda 2030, under the infamous New World Order:

1. “You’ll own nothing and you’ll be happy about it.”
Instead, you’ll rent everything you need, and it’ll be delivered by drone right to your door.
Rent everything from whom? The “elite” bloodlines, of course.
2. “The U.S. won’t be the world’s leading superpower” — Instead, a handful of countries will dominate together.
These “elite” bloodlines already speak of the USA in past tense. A socialist takeover of America is set to occur: no guns, no US constitution, no freedom of press, no privately owned property, no privately owned small businesses; tracked and traced at all times, vaccinated with a sterility drug, social credit score to rate your obedience. A society worse than China.
These so-called elites appreciate the Chinese model, where people are all serfs to a totalitarian government that owns them, and can turn off their bank accounts, and take away their privileges (not rights!), such as travel.
They want to carve the USA between China and the UN, terminating its status as a superpower.
The Hunter Biden Chinese emails scandal is starting to make more sense now, doesn’t it?
3. “You won’t die waiting for an organ donor”.
Rather than transplanting organs from deceased donors, custom organs will be 3D printed on demand. Yes, but only if your social credit score is high enough. Also, this is only a very small part of a very big agenda: transhumanism.
Very few people are aware of the synthetic agenda, which is the stepping stone of transhumanism. Please make time for this article as well: The Synthetic Agenda: The Distorted Heart Of The New World Order.
4. “You’ll eat much less meat”.
Meat will be “an occasional treat, not a staple, for the good of the environment and our health”.
In other words, meat will become so rare and expensive that only the very rich will afford it. Which explains why Billy Boy is so deeply involved in producing fake meat. Of course, they couldn’t care less about our health, otherwise their meat alternatives wouldn’t be made of GMOs that are filled with deadly chemicals and glyphosate residue.
For this agenda to work, they will have to find alternative protein sources, since most people will be living in megacities where they will not be able to grow their own food, so that’s why these globalist sickos are promoting eating bugs and even fellow humans in the mainstream media.
No, thank you!
A really dystopian future if we allow it to happen!
5. “A billion people will be displaced by climate change” — As a result, countries will have to prepare to welcome more refugees.
By “welcoming more refugees”, they actually mean we should do nothing and simply accept a foreign invasion, from adult males who are very poor, ill, uneducated to the point of being illiterate, of a different religion (Muslim) and who do not want to integrate, but form separate states with separate laws, which are oppressive and vastly inferior to those of the West.
Examples of a 13th century mentality, which is highly oppressive towards women (happening today, all over Europe):
  
By now you should be up to speed that a “replacement agenda” is underway in Europe.
Let this be a dire warning to America: The native white race of Europe is being replaced by illegal migrants from the African continent, and only a tiny fraction of them come from war-ridden countries. Whites will become a minority in their own countries in the next decades.
The traitorous governments of Europe pay human traffickers to smuggle these fighting-age adult males to Europe, they shelter them from the reach of the law when their commit unspeakable crimes, they give them free housing, and even pay them to live comfortably while the natives have to work until their 70 in some cases, and pay increasingly higher taxes to support their own invasion.
This explains why whites, and especially white males, are so openly despised by the mainstream media and Hollywood celebrities in recent years: the white race is set to be replaced, exterminated.

As birth rates in the West continue to plunge, white people are going to become minorities in their own countries, and eventually become extinct.
As white Europeans will slowly become extinct, the Christian religion and Europe’s ancient cultures will also become extinct. That’s why the globalists needed to place satanist traitors in all key positions of power, including the Vatican.
Now it should become clear why George Soros has invested $500 million in the forced migration.
The desired result: Only the members of the ancient “elite” bloodlines will be white, and everyone else on Earth will be mixed. In their eyes, this will further validate their elite status.
6. “Polluters will have to pay to emit carbon dioxide”.
To eliminate fossil fuels, there will be a global price on carbon. Vandana Shiva, Ph.D., discussed this in a recent interview with Dr. Joseph Mercola.
Rather than promoting organic and regenerative farming, the technocratic elite are pushing something called zero-budget natural farming. Billy Boy is part of this scheme (he seems to be part of everything that is evil).
As explained by Shiva, the wholly unnatural setup works something like this: The state takes out large loans, which are then divvied out to farmers to grow food for free.
The farmers make their money not by selling their crops, but by trading their soil carbon rate on the global market.
Basically, carbon is being turned into a tradeable commodity, replacing the actual farm output of grains and other crops.
Farmers with higher carbon in their soil will make more money than those with carbon-poor soil. Meanwhile, they’ll make nothing from the crops they grow.
This also means that you will eventually have to pay for emitting CO2 (while breathing), which means that only the rich will afford to have children.

7. “You could be preparing to go to Mars”.
Scientists “will have worked out how to keep you healthy in space,” thus opening up the possibility of becoming a space-faring race and colonizing other planets.
Guess who will own the colonies and the mining operations (and all other businesses) on Mars?
The colonization of Mars is an expansion of the empire and the wealth of the “elite” bloodlines and their acolytes.
8. “Western values will have been tested to the breaking point.”
As explained previously, this means that the Western culture and our shared values will slowly become extinct.
You can watch the infamous video from the World Economic Forum below:

We do have a say in all this!
Some questions that we should ask ourselves before accepting that unelected people that we haven’t even heard of until very recently are shaping up mankind’s future and decide who lives and who dies: 
• What exactly is the World Economic Forum and who voted for its creation?
• Who are its members and who elected them into office?
• Is it a coincidence that the WEF ran a coronavirus simulation just six weeks before the pandemic, or are its members involved in something really evil for which they will have to be held accountable?
• Why are they not afraid of consequences when they openly discuss a Global Reset and the creation of a New Global Order? Why isn’t it considered an act of treason and aggression?

• Why isn’t the USA worried that the WEF is openly discussing its demise and reshaping the world?
• Who can hold them accountable for their actions?
Reference: Mercola.com

 








Wikipedia: Hunter Biden Laptop Scandal is a 'Debunked Right-Wing Conspiracy Theory' 
Previous post





MKUltra Survivor Cathy O’Brien: Protect Our Children From the Pedophile Agenda 
Next post




Related Articles 





 


ControlMicrochip ImplantWorld Economic Forum


World Economic Forum: There Are ‘Rational’ Reasons to Microchip Your Child
HAFAugust 20, 2022 






 


Artificial Intelligence (A.I.)ControlWorld Economic Forum


World Economic Forum Calls for Merging of Human and AI Intel to Censor ‘Hate Speech’ & ‘Misinformation’
HAFAugust 16, 2022 







 


Agenda 2030World Economic Forum


UN & WEF Are Behind Global War On Farmers
HAFJuly 28, 2022 







 


Agenda 2030World Economic Forum


World Economic Forum Reveals Plan to Block Out the Sun With ‘Space Bubbles’
HAFJuly 26, 2022 


 












Get new posts by email:  Subscribe

Popular Posts this Week



Declassified Document Reveals the US Government Discovered an Ancient Martian Race
Throughout the decades, America’s infamous Central Inte...



The Eulogy of Queen Elizabeth II That You Won’t See On Your TV
Turn on a TV, open a web browser, or scroll social medi...



Fauci Paid $453K to Make Primates Transgender
Anthony Fauci recently announced he would be stepping d...



George Soros’ Chief Mission is the Downfall of America
Billionaire George Soros is that rare megalomaniac who...



The Encounter of a US Army Officer With Blue-Skinned Andromedans
The number of alien species in the universe is the subj...



World Economic Forum Reveals Plan to Block Out the Sun With ‘Space Bubbles’
In June of 2019, the World Economic Forum — a private g...



Journalist Peter Hitchens: Wrecking the Economy and the State-sponsored Panic Killed More People Than Covid
Journalist Peter Hitchens: Wrecking the Economy and the...



World Economic Forum Calls for Merging of Human and AI Intel to Censor ‘Hate Speech’ & ‘Misinformation’
Despite the fact that no one asked, the World Economic...



The War of Inversion: An All-Out Assault Against Humanity
by Jesse Smith There’s a war going on that no one is sa...



Greenpeace Founder Patrick Moore Says Climate Change Based On False Narratives
A series of email exchanges between Greenpeace Founder...



Get new posts by email:  Subscribe





Or donate using cryptocurrency

Categories

5G Dangers

About me

Agenda 2030

Alzheimer's

Archons

Art. in German

Artificial Intelligence (A.I.

Ayahuasca

Big Brother

Big Pharma

Big Tech

Bilderberg

Billy Boy

Black Knight

Brainwashing

Brexit

Caeli Francisco

Cancer

Cashless Agenda

Censorship

Chemtrails

Child Trafficking

Clinton

Cold War 2

Communism

Consciousness

Conspiracy

Contact Tracing

Control

Coronavirus

Cosmos

Crisis Actors

Crop Circles

Crypto News

Crystal Skulls

Cyber Polygon

Cyberattacks

Deep State

Dejan Davchevski

Demonic Possession

Depopulation

Detox

Diabetes

Digital ID

Directed Energy Weapons

Disney

Documentaries

Drag Queen Story Time

DuPont

Ebola

Education

EMP Dangers

Empaths

ETs UFOs

Evil Corporations

Fake News

False Flags

Fasting

Federal Reserve

FEMA

Feminism

Finance

Fluoride

Forbidden History

Free Energy

Free Speech

Free Spirit

Freemasonry

Fukushima

Geoengineering

George Soros

Giants

Global Warming Hoax

GMO

Great Awakening

Great Reset

Green New Deal

Grounding

Guest Writers

HAARP

Healthcare

Hemp

Henry Kissinger

Hollow Earth

ID2020

Illuminati

Immunity Passports

Inspiration

Inspirational Public Figures

Internet of Things

Jeffrey Epstein

JFK

Julian Websdale

Julie Alexander

Khali Carol

Laura Jane

Lisa Morris

Lucy Alvet

Makia Freeman

Mandela Effect

Mari A. Raphael

Mark Nestmann

Mass Formation Psychosis

Medical Kidnapping

Meditation

Michael Martin

Microchip Implant

Migrant Crisis

Mind Control

Monsanto

MSM

Mysteries

News

Nikola Tesla

Nuclear Hazard

NWO

Occult Knowledge

OOPArt

Orwellian Wrongthink

Papal Bloodlines

PhD Anonymous

Pienaar Arno

Pineal Gland

Planet X

Planned Parenthood

Pole Shift

Police State

Political Correctness

Pollution

Pornification & Sexualization

Preppers

Project MKUltra

Propaganda

Pyramids

Q and A

Quotes

Racism

Recent Articles

Reincarnation

Religion

Rene’ Descartes

Richard Hoyle

Rockefeller

Rothschild

Sacred Geometry

Sacred Water

Satanism

Satanist Pedophiles

Science

Secret Societies

Secret Space Program

Sexualizing children

SJW

Smart Dust

Smart Meters

Social Credit Score

Spirituality

Sponsor Books

Stephanie MacDonald

Strange Murders

Subscribe

Sun-gazing

Sustainable Housing

Symbolism

Synchronicity

Technocracy

The Anunnaki

The Bush Family

The Matrix

The Vatican

Time Travel

Transgender Agenda

Transhumanism

TROLLS

Tyranny

Uncategorized

Universal Basic Income

Videos

Voting is Rigged

W.H.O.

War

War on Cash

War on Children

War on Drugs

War on Food

Weather Terrorism

Wi-Fi Dangers

Wisdom

World Economic Forum

WTC (9/11

Zephyr Prayers

Zika Virus

Zionism

Zodiac




 










This Month's Most Read



Declassified Document Reveals the US Government Discovered an Ancient Martian Race



George Soros’ Chief Mission is the Downfall of America



Fauci Paid $453K to Make Primates Transgender



 

Most Recent Posts




Swedish Government Grants $175,000 to Fund Drag Queen Shows for Children
4:00 AM




Reporter Uncovers Manson Family Connections to CIA’s MK Ultra Mind Control and Hollywood Child Trafficking
3:00 AM




Austin, TX: Pro-LGBTQP Curriculum Will Teach Third-graders How to Have Anal Sex (Public Education Becomes Pedophilia Indoctrination)
2:00 AM




460,000 Missing Children in the USA Each Year — While the Entire Dinosaur Media Protects Pedophiles
4:00 AM




New Book Exposes Obama’s Youth: He Considered a Gay Fling, Had COCAINE With a White Girl, Proposed Twice to Another, and CHEATED on Michelle Before They Married
3:00 AM




11,000 Scientists Sign Paper: Humans Are Bad Because They Eat Meat and Engage in Transportation
2:00 AM




Saying “It’s Okay to be White” is Now Considered a HATE CRIME in America
4:00 AM




When Alt Media Was Exposing Epstein, ABC & MSM Was Covering it Up — Who’s the Real Fake News?
3:00 AM




Google Search: Organic Products Are “A Lie”, GMOs Are “Good for You” and Supplements Are “Scams” in Latest Anti-health Search Manipulation
2:00 AM




What You Think is Controlled by What You Watch, and What You Watch is Controlled by the Elite
4:00 AM


 






Subscribe for daily articles:






Search Entire Site


 







© Copyright 2020 Humans Are Free. Creative Commons License. 

Home
Contact Us
Authors and Writers
Privacy policy
Dark Mode
 




























