





Dr. Fauci’s Horrifying Past & Sinister Track Record


























































































 





































  

















Home
ForumNew Forum Home
Login
Register

News
Health
Control
Cosmos
Spirituality
Forbidden History
Conspiracy
Finance
Documentaries
 








Home
ForumNew

Forum Home
Login
Register


News
Health
Control
Cosmos
Spirituality
Forbidden History
Conspiracy
Finance
Documentaries
 






 











 


ConspiracyCoronavirusTyranny 
Dr. Fauci’s Horrifying Past & Sinister Track Record 
HAFOctober 30, 2021 
  
by Ash
Anthony Fauci has become a household name amid the COVID-19 era. Some worship him as modern medicine’s high priest and take his ever-contradictory statements as the gospel.
Anthony Fauci’s reign of terror on the general public has spanned five decades.

For those less enthused, it’s nearly impossible to go a day without encountering the pandemic pimp. His image is plastered on magazines, books, and documentaries. Mainstream media portrays him as a selfless humanitarian dedicated to the betterment of societal wellness.
Yet for over half a century the diabolical doctor paved a career through deceit, fraud, coercion, and crime. Hiding behind the unsuspecting grandfatherly figure is a maniacal sadist who’s achieved levels of evil beyond comprehension.
Has Never Seen A Patient
Fauci was born into a family with close ties to Big Pharma. His parents, Stephen and Eugenia, both held medical degrees and owned a successful pharmacy in New York City. From a young age, he learned that prescription drugs bring in infinite revenue if the consumer remains ill. With large sums of cash generated from their lucrative enterprise and numerous industry ties, Anthony was guaranteed the best education.
Upon completing his residency in 1968, the inexperienced doctor was immediately offered an associate position with the National Institutes of Health. Since adopting a profession in bureaucracy over five decades ago, Anthony Fauci has never worked as a general physician or even met with an actual patient.
Child Abuse
Congress cited Fauci’s agency in 2005 after they repeatedly violated federal law. NIH staff performed heinous experiments on illegally seized orphans throughout the United States. Thousands of vulnerable children were used as human lab rats and injected with Gates Foundation-funded jjabs. Hundreds died or suffered debilitating chronic side effects as a result.
According to government documents, injuries ranged from seizures to paralysis. Appallingly, the demented mad scientist knew no borders. Other geographic locations including Africa and India were terrorized with inhuman treatments perversely concealed as charitable assistance. Minors and pregnant women appear to be the preferred target of these horrific studies.
Animal Cruelty
From October 2018 until February 2019, Fauci spent $1.68 million on sickening animal testing. Scientists obtained 44 beagle puppies and cut their vocal cords to prevent barking. Then the innocent creatures were infected with parasitic biting flies which slowly ate them alive.
Over the course of several agonizing months, each pup received daily infusions of toxic chemicals. FOIA papers detail how the canines constantly whimpered in pain before they were finally euthanized.
NIH officials claimed the studies performed were required for FDA submissions, however, no mandate exists.
Another ongoing project involves drilling holes into the skulls of 4,000 monkeys. Acid is injected while the primates are abused and terrorized.
It appears Fauci loves to torture living beings because he’s truly a psychopath.
Conflicts of Interest
Head of the Presidential Commission of Bioethics is a woman named Christine Grady. She just so happens to be Anthony Fauci’s wife. Her department is directly responsible for clinical trials required for FDA approval.
Both husband and wife are involved in the endorsement, production, and distribution of coronavirus inoculations. Their combined efforts created the Moderna shot which has already raked in billions of dollars. Grady uses her earnings to fund democratic candidates.
In fact, she contributed donations to the Biden Campaign while her spouse advised Donald Trump with erroneous information. When it comes to corruption, the apple does not fall far from the family tree. Tony and Christine’s daughter Alison works for the social media empire Twitter, a company known for circulating propaganda and canceling anyone exposing lies.
Epidemic Profiteer
In 1984 Fauci was appointed Director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious diseases. HIV coincidentally emerged only a few short months later. A new business venture blossomed seemingly overnight. The conniving doctor utilized scare tactics on citizens by falsely stating AIDS could be spread without physical contact. He vowed to come up with a jjab to eradicate the disease.
Over 35 years and more than a trillion taxpayer dollars later, the nation is still waiting. Similar strategies were implemented with epidemics that followed: instill fear, conceal information, inflate the figures, then lobby for pharmaceutical manufacturers. With each ‘outbreak’ of viruses such as H5N1, Swine Flu, and Zika, Fauci’s organization consolidated power while he received massive kickbacks.
Throwback to the Swine Flu Hoax: SAME Script, SAME Tactics, SAME Players — 10 Years Prior to COVID-19 They Tried the Same But Failed.
Fauci is the highest-paid government employee and earns nearly half a million dollars annually. With such a tremendous salary one would assume an outstanding job performance.
However, since he joined the civil sector, Americans have become increasingly unhealthy. Prescription drugs are now the third leading cause of death in the United States. Many of these medications were developed by his very own institution: the NIH.
In recent times he pushed for unnecessary draconian lockdowns which attributed to countless suicides and fatal overdoses. Through Fauci’s inconceivable coronary guidance, vast amounts of these deaths fraudulently registered as COVID-19 fatalities.
With exaggerated numbers and discrediting alternative treatments, Tony used the Emergency Use Authorization to push through his profitable Moderna immunization. Follow the money trail you will see those who have the most to gain are responsible for orchestrating current events.
If you’d like further explore this topic, check out ‘The Real Anthony Fauci: Billy Boy, Big Pharma, & the Global War on Democracy and Public Health’ by Robert F. Kennedy Jr.

 








Spacetime Portals Manufactured by Physicists Opened a Doorway for Interdimensional Entities 
Previous post





Huge Crowd Protests Australia's Draconian Pandemic Powers Bill: 'Stop Medical Apartheid!' 
Next post




Related Articles 





 


ConspiracyNews


The Eulogy of Queen Elizabeth II That You Won’t See On Your TV
HAFSeptember 10, 2022 






 


BilderbergConspiracyControlSecret Societies


Pfizer CEO, Head of NATO & Director of the CIA Attended the 68th Bilderberg Meeting
HAFJune 8, 2022 







 


ConspiracyNWO


Rand Paul: ‘Elitists Want A One World Government; It’s Not A Conspiracy Theory’
HAFJune 1, 2022 







 


ConspiracyHealthcare


The Untold Story of the Monkeypox
HAFMay 29, 2022 


 












Get new posts by email:  Subscribe

Popular Posts this Week



Declassified Document Reveals the US Government Discovered an Ancient Martian Race
Throughout the decades, America’s infamous Central Inte...



The Eulogy of Queen Elizabeth II That You Won’t See On Your TV
Turn on a TV, open a web browser, or scroll social medi...



Fauci Paid $453K to Make Primates Transgender
Anthony Fauci recently announced he would be stepping d...



George Soros’ Chief Mission is the Downfall of America
Billionaire George Soros is that rare megalomaniac who...



Journalist Peter Hitchens: Wrecking the Economy and the State-sponsored Panic Killed More People Than Covid
Journalist Peter Hitchens: Wrecking the Economy and the...



The Encounter of a US Army Officer With Blue-Skinned Andromedans
The number of alien species in the universe is the subj...



World Economic Forum Reveals Plan to Block Out the Sun With ‘Space Bubbles’
In June of 2019, the World Economic Forum — a private g...



World Economic Forum Calls for Merging of Human and AI Intel to Censor ‘Hate Speech’ & ‘Misinformation’
Despite the fact that no one asked, the World Economic...



The War of Inversion: An All-Out Assault Against Humanity
by Jesse Smith There’s a war going on that no one is sa...



Greenpeace Founder Patrick Moore Says Climate Change Based On False Narratives
A series of email exchanges between Greenpeace Founder...



Get new posts by email:  Subscribe





Or donate using cryptocurrency

Categories

5G Dangers

About me

Agenda 2030

Alzheimer's

Archons

Art. in German

Artificial Intelligence (A.I.

Ayahuasca

Big Brother

Big Pharma

Big Tech

Bilderberg

Billy Boy

Black Knight

Brainwashing

Brexit

Caeli Francisco

Cancer

Cashless Agenda

Censorship

Chemtrails

Child Trafficking

Clinton

Cold War 2

Communism

Consciousness

Conspiracy

Contact Tracing

Control

Coronavirus

Cosmos

Crisis Actors

Crop Circles

Crypto News

Crystal Skulls

Cyber Polygon

Cyberattacks

Deep State

Dejan Davchevski

Demonic Possession

Depopulation

Detox

Diabetes

Digital ID

Directed Energy Weapons

Disney

Documentaries

Drag Queen Story Time

DuPont

Ebola

Education

EMP Dangers

Empaths

ETs UFOs

Evil Corporations

Fake News

False Flags

Fasting

Federal Reserve

FEMA

Feminism

Finance

Fluoride

Forbidden History

Free Energy

Free Speech

Free Spirit

Freemasonry

Fukushima

Geoengineering

George Soros

Giants

Global Warming Hoax

GMO

Great Awakening

Great Reset

Green New Deal

Grounding

Guest Writers

HAARP

Healthcare

Hemp

Henry Kissinger

Hollow Earth

ID2020

Illuminati

Immunity Passports

Inspiration

Inspirational Public Figures

Internet of Things

Jeffrey Epstein

JFK

Julian Websdale

Julie Alexander

Khali Carol

Laura Jane

Lisa Morris

Lucy Alvet

Makia Freeman

Mandela Effect

Mari A. Raphael

Mark Nestmann

Mass Formation Psychosis

Medical Kidnapping

Meditation

Michael Martin

Microchip Implant

Migrant Crisis

Mind Control

Monsanto

MSM

Mysteries

News

Nikola Tesla

Nuclear Hazard

NWO

Occult Knowledge

OOPArt

Orwellian Wrongthink

Papal Bloodlines

PhD Anonymous

Pienaar Arno

Pineal Gland

Planet X

Planned Parenthood

Pole Shift

Police State

Political Correctness

Pollution

Pornification & Sexualization

Preppers

Project MKUltra

Propaganda

Pyramids

Q and A

Quotes

Racism

Recent Articles

Reincarnation

Religion

Rene’ Descartes

Richard Hoyle

Rockefeller

Rothschild

Sacred Geometry

Sacred Water

Satanism

Satanist Pedophiles

Science

Secret Societies

Secret Space Program

Sexualizing children

SJW

Smart Dust

Smart Meters

Social Credit Score

Spirituality

Sponsor Books

Stephanie MacDonald

Strange Murders

Subscribe

Sun-gazing

Sustainable Housing

Symbolism

Synchronicity

Technocracy

The Anunnaki

The Bush Family

The Matrix

The Vatican

Time Travel

Transgender Agenda

Transhumanism

TROLLS

Tyranny

Uncategorized

Universal Basic Income

Videos

Voting is Rigged

W.H.O.

War

War on Cash

War on Children

War on Drugs

War on Food

Weather Terrorism

Wi-Fi Dangers

Wisdom

World Economic Forum

WTC (9/11

Zephyr Prayers

Zika Virus

Zionism

Zodiac




 










This Month's Most Read



Declassified Document Reveals the US Government Discovered an Ancient Martian Race



George Soros’ Chief Mission is the Downfall of America



Fauci Paid $453K to Make Primates Transgender



 

Most Recent Posts




Swedish Government Grants $175,000 to Fund Drag Queen Shows for Children
4:00 AM




Reporter Uncovers Manson Family Connections to CIA’s MK Ultra Mind Control and Hollywood Child Trafficking
3:00 AM




Austin, TX: Pro-LGBTQP Curriculum Will Teach Third-graders How to Have Anal Sex (Public Education Becomes Pedophilia Indoctrination)
2:00 AM




460,000 Missing Children in the USA Each Year — While the Entire Dinosaur Media Protects Pedophiles
4:00 AM




New Book Exposes Obama’s Youth: He Considered a Gay Fling, Had COCAINE With a White Girl, Proposed Twice to Another, and CHEATED on Michelle Before They Married
3:00 AM




11,000 Scientists Sign Paper: Humans Are Bad Because They Eat Meat and Engage in Transportation
2:00 AM




Saying “It’s Okay to be White” is Now Considered a HATE CRIME in America
4:00 AM




When Alt Media Was Exposing Epstein, ABC & MSM Was Covering it Up — Who’s the Real Fake News?
3:00 AM




Google Search: Organic Products Are “A Lie”, GMOs Are “Good for You” and Supplements Are “Scams” in Latest Anti-health Search Manipulation
2:00 AM




What You Think is Controlled by What You Watch, and What You Watch is Controlled by the Elite
4:00 AM


 






Subscribe for daily articles:






Search Entire Site


 







© Copyright 2020 Humans Are Free. Creative Commons License. 

Home
Contact Us
Authors and Writers
Privacy policy
Dark Mode
 




























