


















































Operation Covid Jab: The Stealthy Genocidal Scheme to Depopulate the Planet & Enslave Humanity | Opinion - Conservative | Before It's News



















You're using an Ad-Blocker.
BeforeItsNews only exists through ads.We ask all patriots who appreciate the evil we expose and want to
help us savage the NWO with more Truth to disable your ad-blocker on our site only so we can grow and expose more evil!Funding
gives us more weapons! Thank you patriots! Oh and If you disable the Ad-blocker - on your deathbed you will receive total
consciousness. So you got that going for you...which is nice!



Disable
Dismiss




 
Before It's News











Featured |
Economy |
Health |
Beyond Science |
Power of Belief |
Sustainable Living|
Inspiration |
Live |
Video |
Top 50 |
Most Recent |
Shopping |
Categories









Read the Beforeitsnews.com story here.
Advertise at Before It's News here.








By John Rolls
 (Reporter)
Contributor profile |
More stories







Story Views



Now:



Last hour:



Last 24 hours:



Total:





 






Operation Covid Jab: The Stealthy Genocidal Scheme to Depopulate the Planet & Enslave Humanity


Tuesday, March 30, 2021 13:58 






% of readers think this story is Fact. Add your two cents.

























OPERATION COVID-19 Deceitfully Amplifies a Fake Third Wave to Justify Dangerous and Deadly Covid Vaccination Programs Worldwide

State of the Nation

OPERATION COVID-19 is much more complex international criminal conspiracy than anyone knows.  The captivating psyop carried out in Wuhan, China in January of 2020 completely captured the world and made folks everywhere believe an utterly false “coronavirus” narrative.  What happened there was a full-blown biological attack on the Wuhanese with a highly sophisticated bioweapon that targeted various Chinese bloodlines.  However, the series of bioterrorist attacks that followed worldwide utilized different variants of the COVID-19 bioweapon, each bioengineered to mutate in vivo so that the fabricated pandemic would go on ad infinitum.  That means that the Covid bioweapon variants launched in Milan, Tehran, New York City and Guayaquil, Ecuador were all subtly different biological attacks against different targeted populations, each one producing its one unique symptom set.  In this way, the forever-mutating pathogenic microorganisms that constitute the COVID-19 bioweapon will plaque humanity into perpetuity.  This entirely bioengineered state of affairs worldwide then sets the stage for a global vaccination regime which will require an annual Covid injection that keeps the populace up to date with the current strains of COVID-19 that are still being released to this very day.  Which also permits the Covid bioterrorists to manufacture consent for a Digital Green Certificate, COVID-19 Vaccine Passports, Immunity Certificates, Green Passports and other documents that prove an up-to-date vaccination status.  That’s the short story.
— Intelligence Analyst & Former U.S. Military Officer


***Support BeforeItsNews By Trying HerbAnomic Natural Health Building Products Including Humic & Fulvic Liquid Trace Mineral Complex, Immusist Beverage Concentrate & UltraCur Bio-Available Curcumin—NOW NEW HNEX HydroNano Extracellular Oxygen Delivery System Product–SEE BELOW! Click Here For More Information & To Order!***


OPERATION COVID VAX is now in full swing.
And there appears to be nothing that can stop this slow-motion genocide scheme that’s rolling across the planet like an out-of-control juggernaut.
Therefore, the best that people everywhere can do is to protect themselves and loved ones from the rapidly burgeoning and extremely perilous Super Vaccination Agenda à la COVID-19. 






The Power That Be have quite obviously planned out THE GREAT SCAMDEMIC over several decades.  Their main mission is twofold: (i) Depopulation and (ii) Debilitation
Because of the fatal elements built into the various Covid vaccines (e.g. the blood clot-causing AstraZeneca vaccine), it’s only a matter of time that compromised individuals will start dropping like flies.
Those that don’t succumb to death will be  seriously debilitated by the annual dosing with each subsequent hazardous formulation of the growing list of Covid vaccines.  As follows

COVID-19 VACCINE: A Slow-Motion Genocidal Bioweapon……that Forever Alters the Genetic Blueprint and Damages the
Immune System Producing an AIDS-like Covid Syndrome.

NWO Covid Vax Strategy
It ought to be apparent to every awake person on Earth that national and/or state governments will refrain from making vaccines mandatory when they know there will be fierce pushback.
Why?
Because making these harmful vaccines compulsory would trigger a ferocious backlash causing a domino effect worldwide—that’s why?
Hence, the Covid crime perps are quite cunningly making the untested vaccines necessary to do “anything” or to go “anywhere” or to live a “normal life”. 






This is the fundamental NWO strategy whereby most will end up succumbing to the Super Vaccination Agenda in order to get their life back … … … which, in reality, will NEVER happen no matter how many vaccines they receive.
See how there is now a daily drip of new requirements occurring around the globe.  This incremental approach is sucking many into their black hole of Covid vaccine compliance; even folks who swore never to take one.
The Covid vax perps know that, with the passage of time, a critical mass of humanity will be easily corralled into the pen of regular vaccines compliance … who will then police the whole illicit regime making government enforcement virtually unnecessary.

KEY POINT: “COVID-19 jab is not a vaccine; it’s a cellular modification technology that causes a self-creating auto-immune disease similar to
AIDS” (Video)

Anti-Vax Advantage in the USA
The American people currently have a HUGE advantage in this desperate fight for our lives.
As long as the various inadequately tested Covid vaccines have not received official FDA approval for widespread administration, they operate under the unique status of AEU—Authorization for Emergency Use Only.

RED ALERT! Why does no one understand the true FDA status
of the extremely dangerous and risky COVID-19 vaccines?!

Given this official status, it’s a clear violation of federal law for any government or corporate entity, company or business, NGO or other organization to require the current Covid vaccines.  It’s patently unlawful to do so.
Armed with this knowledge, Americans ought to be aggressively pushing back against every single violator of this law.  When enough citizens show some fang in this regard, those culprits will change course in a heartbeat, especially those that want to stay in business.
People, this is the BIG test!
Exactly how much resistance will be required to compel those vaccine-demanding miscreants remains to be seen.  Nevertheless, as long as there is a formidable opposition to any illegal attempts to coerce vaccinations, those criminal entities should fold faster than a house of cards built on quicksand.
Remember that the key piece of this highly deceptive NWO plan to necessitate Covid jabs revolves around conning people into believing their life will only get back to normal after they have been vaccinated.  And, that the institutional deceits to pull off this massive CON are now coming at everyone on the planet fast and furiously.
In the United States, those governmental or corporate offenders who even encourage the citizenry to submit to a Covid vaccine are liable to varying degrees when death or injury or disease result from the noxious injections.
Just how unsafe and noxious are these Covid injections?
Consider the “incredible content” (posted at the link below) that the CDC itself has posted on their own official website to understand what they are expecting to occur in the near future.
“ZOMBIE APOCALYPSE”! Brought to you by the CDC
Conclusion
It’s never been so imperative for every person on Earth to protect their personal sovereignty as well as defend the personal sovereignty of those in their care.
No one — no entity under the sun — be it government or corporation has the right or authority or power to violate anyone’s personal sovereignty—EVER!
Especially when the violation is as profound as that which is explained in the following shocking exposé is the crime against humanity that egregious.

FUNVAX: Globalist Plot to Mandate COVID-19 Vaccine
Exposes Shocking Satanic Conspiracy

State of the Nation
March 30, 2021

***Support BeforeItsNews By Trying HerbAnomic Natural Health Building Products Including Humic & Fulvic Liquid Trace Mineral Complex, Immusist Beverage Concentrate & UltraCur Bio-Available Curcumin—NOW NEW HNEX HydroNano Extracellular Oxygen Delivery System Product–SEE BELOW! Click Here For More Information & To Order!***


















Before It’s News® is a community of individuals who report on what’s going on around them, from all around the world.
Anyone can join.
Anyone can contribute.
Anyone can become informed about their world.
"United We Stand" Click Here To Create Your Personal Citizen Journalist
Account Today, Be Sure To Invite Your Friends.


Please Help Support BeforeitsNews by trying our Natural Health Products below!Order by Phone at 888-809-8385 or online at https://mitocopper.com M - F 9am to 5pm ESTOrder by Phone at 866-388-7003 or online at https://www.herbanomic.com M - F 9am to 5pm ESTOrder by Phone at 866-388-7003 or online at https://www.herbanomics.com M - F 9am to 5pm ESTHumic & Fulvic Trace Minerals Complex - Nature's most important supplement! Vivid Dreams again!HNEX HydroNano EXtracellular Water - Improve immune system health and reduce inflammation.Ultimate Clinical Potency Curcumin - Natural pain relief, reduce inflammation and so much more.MitoCopper - Bioavailable Copper destroys pathogens and gives you more energy. (See Blood Video)Oxy Powder - Natural Colon Cleanser!  Cleans out toxic buildup with oxygen!Nascent Iodine - Promotes detoxification, mental focus and thyroid health.Smart Meter Cover -  Reduces Smart Meter radiation by 96%! (See Video). 


















Related Stories

 












Comments
 Click here to cancel reply.

Your Comments


































Total 3 comments







Slimey 

I don’t believe there is a virus per Dr. Cowan’s theory. But the bioweapon GENE THERAPY is very real and the one you should be in GREAT FEAR OF. 
It’s very ironic what they got you believing in. Yes, even Hillaryous! The CURE is what you should be in GREAT FEAR of not a non-existing virus. You know DAT bogey man they always got you scared of but NEVER SEE???
SEE?  




Mar 30, 2021, 3:09 pm 








1
Reply 







No time 

The British Empire has used Plague’s for centuries to control people and use it for an excuse to rob.




Mar 30, 2021, 4:26 pm 








1
Reply 







Busta Myth 

Where did you hear that ? 
Some Ernst Stavro Blofeld looking creepy bald headed dude called KLAUS SCHWAB (doesn’t sound very “british”) wrote a book called “COVID 19 – THE GREAT RESET” …..he is also working with the Rockersmellies on something called COMMONPASS which is something too do with a Vaccine Passport for airlines….look it up, in videos about he Plan…errr, I mean Book COVID 19 – THE GREAT RESET KLAUS SCHWAB says some really creepy stuff that smells like Communism wrapped in a “Green” agenda…go watch some videos of him on BITCHUTE




Mar 30, 2021, 9:28 pm 








0
Reply 


















MOST RECENT











Load more ...









HELP KEEP NEWS FREE
DONATE HERE


OLD VERSION


FORUM








Online:



Visits:
1,469,071,963


Stories:
7,873,091





Wanted: Citizen Reporters,Whistler Blowers, Insiders
CLICK HERE TO UPLOAD NEWS!




God's Word - Nehemiah 4 Listen to God's Word on Youtube! Donate to Share God's Word!













Loading... 





"Not by might, nor by power, but by my spirit, saith the Lord of hosts." Zechariah 4:6


BEFORE IT'S NEWS ON TELEGRAM
GET THE TELEGRAM APP - https://telegram.org/
JOIN OUR CHANNEL - https://t.me/BeforeitsNews


Read it..
BEFORE IT'S NEWS
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER



Submit




Today's Top Stories

David Nino Rodriguez Live -Tucker Goes NUCLEAR! America OUTRAGED! MSM Goes Into Full Panic Damage Control!! - Must VideoSituation Update, Mar 8, 2023 - Domestic Collapse Accelerates As Sen. Lindsey Graham Wants To INVADE MEXICO With US Military! - Mike Adams Must VideoPhil Godlewski: CRUMBLE (Video) March 15th [3:15] Booooom! Biden, Clinton, Obama Trials for Treason Begin!Just In: House Republican Leaders Hold Press Briefing After Tucker Carlson's Second Jan 6th Report! - Forbes Breaking NewsAnd We Know - NOW They [Deep State] Are SHOWING Their PANIC!! Eyes Are Opening! LIARS Can’t hide! HOLD ON! PRAY! - Must VideoNew Sarge: Huge: Major Military Intel 3/8/23..Khazarian /Mafia/assets seized /VIP ELITE PANIC AS NUREMBERG 2.0 TRIALS FOR 'CRIMES AGAINST HUMANITY' BECOMES REALITY/PFIZER IS BEING SUED FOR $3T FOR ALLEGED FALSE CLAIMS ABOUT COVID VACCINES.Situation Update - White Hat Military In Contact With SCOTUS To Hear Brunson Petition Or Face Charges Of Treason! Biden/NATO Commit Two Acts Of War Against Russia! - We The...SG Anon: Situation Update - A Storm is Coming (Video)  










Loading... 


 


Featured

BREAKING NEWS! China MOBILIZING NOW! N. Korea Nuke Detonation SOON! Bird Flu MAMMAL Die Off! WW3 Georgia! - Canadian PrepperWe Just Witnessed An Economic Red Flag That We Haven’t Seen Since 1981Tucker Carlson LIVE March 8ALERT! It's Coming! You NEED To Prepare For This NOW! You're Running Out Of Time! - Must VideoNew Patriot Underground & Michael Jaco: Scare Event - WW3 Build Up - J6 Revelations - 5th Generation Warfare - Russian Offensive & Geopolitical Realignment Situation Update - White Hat Military In Contact With SCOTUS To Hear Brunson Petition Or Face Charges Of Treason! Biden/NATO Commit Two Acts Of War Against Russia! - We The...Breaking: This Is Devastating! Oil Rig On Fire In Alabama River! - The Real GS NewsNanny State Dead Ahead! (Video)Breaking: China Threatens USA With Conflict! Scripted WW3 Scenario Moves Closer! -WAMSG Anon & Derek Johnson Urgent Drops - Stream 3/8/2023 










Loading... 


 


Top Global

ALERT! It's Coming! You NEED To Prepare For This NOW! You're Running Out Of Time! - Must VideoNew Kerry Cassidy & Dark Outpost - White Hats, Secret Space Program, The Truth!Situation Update - White Hat Military In Contact With SCOTUS To Hear Brunson Petition Or Face Charges Of Treason! Biden/NATO Commit Two Acts Of War Against Russia! - We The...New Dr. Jim Willie: March Madness Intel! Banks are on the Brink! More Countries Joining BRICSNew Patriot Underground & Michael Jaco: Scare Event - WW3 Build Up - J6 Revelations - 5th Generation Warfare - Russian Offensive & Geopolitical Realignment Breaking: China Threatens USA With Conflict! Scripted WW3 Scenario Moves Closer! -WAMNorth Korea: U.S. Generates “Catastrophic Escalation” As Nuclear War is “Realistic”New Dark Outpost: Reptilian Bombshells! Energy Weapons! Zodiac Killer! New Melissa Redpill: Murdoch & Schumer PANIC to stop Jan 6 tapes, Elon Free Speech, Samson Trump 3-8-23New Jesse Ventura: Freedom Fighter: Why Two-Party Politics Must End 









Top Alternative

Best & Taylor (03082023): NIGHT SHADOWS --We war and fight because we want something we don't have, and then, we ask amiss and the BLIND lead the BLINDPfizer Unable To Finish Press Conference: As Spokespeople Keep Collapsing! - SatireStone Choir: The Invention of RacismWOW! Trumps Bold New Proposals for 2024: 10 New Freedom Cities, Baby Bonuses, Flying CarsTucker Dropping Jan 6 Footage…Trump update 03/08/2023..[The Unselect Committee of political Hacks & Thugs] should be tried for Fraud and Treason, and those imprisoned and being persecuted should be exonerated and released, NOW!Survival Will Depend On Finding Inner Balance (1997 Serapis Bey)John Kerry Is Upset That China Being A Bad Country Is Getting In The Way Of Solving Climate ApocalypseMarch 15th [3:15] Booooom! Biden, Clinton, Obama Trials for Treason Begin!Is Nesara/Gesara only Hopium? Is it Real? 



 






SignUp
Login






About | Advertise With Us | FAQ | Contact
| Privacy | Terms of Service
| Copyright Notification | RSS Subscribe | Widgets
Portions copyright © 2023 NSearch Technology, Inc., All Rights Reserved.Before It's News® is a registered Service Mark of NSearch Technology,
Inc..



Newsletter
Email this story
Email this story








If you really want to ban this commenter, please write down the reason:




If you really want to disable all recommended stories, click on OK button. After that, you will be redirect to your options page.







