
















Landmark legal ruling finds that Covid tests are not fit for purpose. So what do the MSM do? They ignore it — RT Op-ed




























































icon bookmark-bicon bookmarkicon cameraicon checkicon chevron downicon chevron lefticon chevron righticon chevron upicon closeicon v-compressicon downloadicon editicon v-expandicon fbicon fileicon filtericon flag ruicon full chevron downicon full chevron lefticon full chevron righticon full chevron upicon gpicon insicon mailicon moveicon-musicicon mutedicon nomutedicon okicon v-pauseicon v-playicon searchicon shareicon sign inicon sign upicon stepbackicon stepforicon swipe downicon tagicon tagsicon tgicon trashicon twicon vkicon yticon wticon fm 







العربيةESPРУСDEFRRS




 
 
 
 




Where to watch
 

Schedule
 





 
           RT News App
        







 


 


 


 


 


 


 









 





                        Question more
                    

live








 







 



 







            Russia & Former Soviet Union

                    


            World News

                    


            Business

                    


            India

                    


            Africa

                    


            RT Features

                    


            Analysis

                    


            Op-ed

                    


            Games & Culture

                    


            Shows

                    


            Projects

                    












 


 


 


 


 


 


 






 










27 Nov, 2020 07:58  HomeTagsOp-ed

        Landmark legal ruling finds that Covid tests are not fit for purpose. So what do the MSM do? They ignore it

    Peter Andrews is an Irish science journalist and writer based in London. He has a background in the life sciences, and graduated from the University of Glasgow with a degree in geneticsPeter Andrews is an Irish science journalist and writer based in London. He has a background in the life sciences, and graduated from the University of Glasgow with a degree in geneticsA member of the medical personnel performs a PCR test amid the outbreak of the coronavirus disease (COVID-19), in Charleroi, Belgium, November 5, 2020 ©                 REUTERS / Yves HermanFour German holidaymakers who were illegally quarantined in Portugal after one was judged to be positive for Covid-19 have won their case, in a verdict that condemns the widely-used PCR test as being up to 97-percent unreliable.Earlier this month, Portuguese judges upheld a decision from a lower court that found the forced quarantine of four holidaymakers to be unlawful. The case centred on the reliability (or lack thereof) of Covid-19 PCR tests.The verdict, delivered on November 11, followed an appeal against a writ of habeas corpus filed by four Germans against the Azores Regional Health Authority. This body had been appealing a ruling from a lower court which had found in favour of the tourists, who claimed that they were illegally confined to a hotel without their consent. The tourists were ordered to stay in the hotel over the summer after one of them tested positive for coronavirus in a PCR test - the other three were labelled close contacts and therefore made to quarantine as well.Unreliable, with a strong chance of false positivesThe deliberation of the Lisbon Appeal Court is comprehensive and fascinating. It ruled that the Azores Regional Health Authority had violated both Portuguese and international law by confining the Germans to the hotel. The judges also said that only a doctor can “diagnose” someone with a disease, and were critical of the fact that they were apparently never assessed by one.













Read more
Immunity for YEARS or DECADES: Covid resistance may last much longer than previously thought, says new research



They were also scathing about the reliability of the PCR (polymerase chain reaction) test, the most commonly used check for Covid.The conclusion of their 34-page ruling included the following: “In view of current scientific evidence, this test shows itself to be unable to determine beyond reasonable doubt that such positivity corresponds, in fact, to the infection of a person by the SARS-CoV-2 virus.”  In the eyes of this court, then, a positive test does not correspond to a Covid case. The two most important reasons for this, said the judges, are that, “the test’s reliability depends on the number of cycles used’’ and that “the test’s reliability depends on the viral load present.’’ In other words, there are simply too many unknowns surrounding PCR testing.Tested positive? There could be as little as a 3% chance it’s correct This is not the first challenge to the credibility of PCR tests. Many people will be aware that their results have a lot to do with the number of amplifications that are performed, or the ‘cycle threshold.’ This number in most American and European labs is 35–40 cycles, but experts have claimed that even 35 cycles is far too many, and that a more reasonable protocol would call for 25–30 cycles. (Each cycle exponentially increases the amount of viral DNA in the sample).Earlier this year, data from three US states – New York, Nevada and Massachusetts – showed that when the amount of the virus found in a person was taken into account, up to 90 percent of people who tested positive could actually have been negative, as they may have been carrying only tiny amounts of the virus.The Portuguese judges cited a study conducted by “some of the leading European and world specialists,” which was published by Oxford Academic at the end of September. It showed that if someone tested positive for Covid at a cycle threshold of 35 or higher, the chances of that person actually being infected is less than three percent, and that “the probability of… receiving a false positive is 97% or higher.”While the judges in this case admitted that the cycle threshold used in Portuguese labs was unknown, they took this as further proof that the detention of the tourists was unlawful. The implication was that the results could not be trusted. Because of this uncertainty, they stated that there was "no way this court would ever be able to determine" whether the tourist who tested positive was indeed a carrier of the virus, or whether the others had been exposed to it.













Read more
I’m an epidemiology professor and I have some genuine concerns about the AstraZeneca Covid vaccine. Here’s why…



Sshhh – don’t tell anyoneIt is a sad indictment of our mainstream media that such a landmark ruling, of such obvious and pressing international importance, has been roundly ignored. If one were making (flimsy) excuses for them, one could say that the case escaped the notice of most science editors because it has been published in Portuguese. But there is a full English translation of the appeal, and alternative media managed to pick it up.And it isn’t as if Portugal is some remote, mysterious nation where news is unreliable or whose judges are suspect – this is a western EU country with a large population and a similar legal system to many other parts of Europe. And it is not the only country whose institutions are clashing with received wisdom on Covid. Finland’s national health authority has disputed the WHO’s recommendation to test as many people as possible for coronavirus, saying it would be a waste of taxpayer’s money, while poorer South East Asian countries are holding off on ordering vaccines, citing an improper use of finite resources. Testing, especially PCR testing, is the basis for the entire house of cards of Covid restrictions that are wreaking havoc worldwide. From testing comes case numbers. From case numbers come the ‘R number,’ the rate at which a carrier infects others. From the ‘dreaded’ R number comes the lockdowns and the restrictions, such as England’s new and baffling tiered restrictions that come into force next week. The daily barrage of statistics is familiar to us all by this point, but as time goes on the evidence that something may be deeply amiss with the whole foundation of our reaction to this pandemic – the testing regime – continues to mount.The statements, views and opinions expressed in this column are solely those of the author and do not necessarily represent those of RT.oped
                    You can share this story on social media:
                Follow RT onCovid-19 coronavirus













Mixi.Media News



                Move along, nothing to see here: Australian government insists ‘incidental’ collection of COVIDSafe data didn’t violate privacy            
                Diego Maradona dead: Argentinian football legend passes away aged 60            







Top stories                        Billionaire fraudster who ‘stole Russia’ dies aged 56
                    
        Latest
    
        Top Stories
                            Ukraine responds to fresh Nord Stream allegations
                                            Chechen leader’s sanctioned racehorse stolen in EU
                                            Poland wants money back from Ukrainian refugees – media
                                            Dozens arrested in Georgia riots
                                            West knows who is responsible for Nord Stream attack – The Times
                                            US could ‘shift focus’ from Europe to Asia ‘anytime’ – Berlin
                                            Dogs of war: Here's why the Ukraine conflict could be about to spread to another European country
                    FEATURE







Subscribe to RT newsletter to get news highlights of the day right in your mailboxWe offer you the possibility to receive RT's news highlights every Monday, Wednesday and Friday by email.Subscribe 




RT Features



                Back in the USSR: 15 minute cities have unleashed a wave of conspiracy theories, but the concept is borrowed from a Soviet idea
            FEATURE
                Dogs of war: Here's why the Ukraine conflict could be about to spread to another European country
            FEATURE
                70 years after Stalin’s death: How Western propaganda has rebranded the Soviet dictator from villain to hero, and back again
            FEATURE







 




PodcastsAll podcastsTSA Whistleblower invents secure pilot doors0:0028:9War on Russia0:0025:16








العربيةespрусdefrrsRT News AppNewsRussia & Former Soviet UnionBusinessAfricaIndiaRT FeaturesAnalysisOp-edGames & CultureShowsProjectsLiveApplicationsWhere to watchScheduleSponsored contentTerms of UsePrivacy policyAbout RTContact infoFeedback & ComplaintsVacancies© Autonomous Nonprofit Organization “TV-Novosti”, 2005–2023. All rights reserved.
This website uses cookies. Read RT Privacy policy to find out more.Accept cookies







Add to home screen











