Alexa

Its always a good time to test the brain.
Just say, “Alexa, tell me a riddle.”

WEEKLY SPOTLIGHT
“Alexa, what is the word of the day?”
Learn a word everyday. Explore more.
“Alexa, When is Mumbai's next match?”
Mumbai Indians will play against Chennai Super Kings on Saturday, 8 April at 7:00am in a T20 at Wankhede Stadium in Mumbai.
“Alexa, open One Minute Maths.”
Test your math aptitude with this rapid fire quiz! Explore more.
“Alexa, switch on light in 5 mins.”
Now, control your smart home devices based on specific time. Explore more.

THINGS TO TRY
“Alexa, set a 50 second workout timer”
“Alexa, what time is it in New York?”
Just ask Alexa for weather and time of where you are traveling to.
“Alexa, what's happening?”
“Alexa, what can I watch this week?”
“Alexa, what's the weekend forecast for New Delhi?”
Ask Alexa for local, national and international weather for a destination of your choice.
“Alexa, give me a recipe for masala chai”
Enjoy a cup of tea with Alexa.
“Alexa, play latest Bollywood hits.”
“Alexa, remind me to watch Mirzapur”
“Alexa, increase bass”
“Alexa, make me smile”
“Alexa, speak in Hindi”
Talk to Alexa in both English & Hindi.
“Alexa, ask Wikipedia about M S Dhoni”
“Alexa, when will my order arrive?”
“Alexa, add rice to my shopping list”
“Alexa, open level 5 English textbook”
Fun ways to learn English Know more .
“Alexa, what's the quote of the day?”
For even more things to try visit our Alexa guide, or just ask, “Alexa, what can you do?”

Follow us on Facebook.
Follow us on Twitter.
Follow us on YouTube.
Know somebody else who wants to receive the weekly Amazon Echo email? Forward this to your friends or family and ask them to visit our Amazon Echo Newsletter subscription page to subscribe.

© 2017 Amazon.in, Inc. or its affiliates. All rights reserved. Amazon, Amazon Echo, Echo Plus, Alexa, Prime, and all related logos are trademarks of Amazon.in, Inc. or its affiliates.

We hope you found this message to be useful. However, if you'd rather not receive future emails of this sort from Amazon.in, please opt-out here.
Please do not reply to this email address as it is not monitored.