
See what's new with Amazon and Prime	



	Your Amazon Today's Deals Track Orders



Final season of 'The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel' out now, yours with Prime.

It's the final season for Mrs. Maisel: Midge finds herself closer than ever to the success she's dreamed of, only to discover that closer than ever is still so far away. Watch the first 3 episodes of The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel with Prime on Prime Video, then catch a new episode weekly.




Prime Member Deals

Product Image	
L-RUN Women Water Shoes Mens Barefoot Skin Aqua Socks for Run Dive Surf Swim Beach Yoga Quick Drying

$14.30  $15.89
Product Image	
Womens Tops V Neck Ruffle Short Sleeve Tshirts Tunic Summer Business Casual Tops Blouses for Women

$16.99  $19.99
Product Image	
OULAIQI Sports Sunglasses Cycling Sunglasses for Men Women with 1 or 3 Interchangeable Lenses...

$26.05  $28.95

Spring has sprung! Whether you're looking to update your wardrobe, freshen up your home decor or stock up on seasonal essentials, we've got you covered. Shop now and get ready to bloom.




ONE Fight Night 9: Nong-O vs. Haggerty on Prime Video

Hold your calendar for April 21: ONE Fight Night 9: Nang on Prime Video, is live exclusively for Prime members on Friday night. ONE Championship is the only place to watch warriors compete in kickboxing, muy thai, submission grappling, and more, all in the same event. Add to your watchlist now.




Bundle & save: HBO Max and Cinemax for $20.99/month

Bundle and save with a special offer: Enjoy all of HBO Max and Cinemax for $20.99 per month—a 20% savings on acclaimed series, blockbuster movies, and so much more. Start your bundle today.




Your motivation is here

Your motivation is here: Dance parties absolutely count as exercise. Whatever the workout, these tracks will make you want to move. Listen to the Home Gym Workout playlist on Amazon Music now.





 
 

 
Popular stations: Top stations made for any occasion. Listen now on Amazon Music.





 
 

 
Top playlists: Chart-topping tracks curated by experts. Listen now on Amazon Music.




When life gives you lemons…

When life gives you lemons: Listen to Lemonada, an award-winning, independent network on a mission to make life better, one podcast at a time. Dive into their best pods now, ad-free with Prime.





 
 

 
Ad-free popular podcasts: Find your next podcast obsession by exploring top ad-free podcasts. Listen now.




Prime Gaming Crossed Swords Free Game with Prime

Ready your swords for the return of an SNK classic. Play the hack-and-slash RPG, Crossed Swords, free with Prime. Claim here.




Prime members get one year of free Grubhub+

A tasty deal: Prime members get one year of unlimited $0 food delivery fees for free and exclusive savings with a Grubhub+ membership. Activate free Grubhub+




Amazon smile logo with a collage of pictures above.

Amazon CEO Andy Jassy published his annual letter to shareholders on Thursday. Read the full letter here.


You are receiving this newsletter as a valued Prime member, so you can learn what's new with your membership each week. If you'd like to make changes to your membership, click here.

If you no longer wish to receive this email, click here.

Please note that product prices and availability are subject to change. Prices and availability were accurate at the time this newsletter was sent; however, they may differ from those you see when you visit Amazon.com.

© 2023 Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates. All rights reserved. Amazon, Amazon.com, the Amazon.com logo, Prime, Kindle Fire, and 1-Click are registered trademarks of Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates. Amazon.com, 410 Terry Avenue N., Seattle, WA 98109-5210. Reference:714790070

Please note that this message was sent to the following e-mail address: prashant.tomar@rocketmail.com