

See what's new with Amazon and Prime	



	Your Amazon Today's Deals Track Orders



Spring PLAYLISTS

From pop to country: Even if it’s raining out, these playlists bring the sunshine. Dive into this genre-spanning collection and find your spring anthem. Listen now.




Prime Member Deals

Product Image	
DOROSE Womens Lace Short Sleeve Tops Summer Shirts Casual Blouses T Shirts

$21.59  $26.99
Product Image	
SunPatio Outdoor Waterproof Grill Cover Compatible for Weber 22 Inch Performer Premium Deluxe,...

$20.99  $23.99
Product Image	
Pllieay 25 Pieces Bamboo Stakes Garden Stakes for Indoor and Outdoor Gardening Plant Supports, 2...

$15.29  $16.99

Spring has sprung! Whether you're looking to update your wardrobe, freshen up your home decor or stock up on seasonal essentials, we've got you covered. Shop now and get ready to bloom.




Prime Gaming Wolfenstein Free Game with Prime

Infiltrate cities across Europe and bring down the menacing war machine. Embark on an unforgettable journey of heart-pumping action and thrilling adventure with Wolfenstein: The New Order—free with Prime. Claim here.




'AIR' in theaters now

AIR in theaters now: From award-winning director Ben Affleck, AIR reveals the game-changing partnership between rookie Michael Jordan and Nike’s fledgling basketball division which revolutionized the world of sports and culture with the Air Jordan brand. Only in theaters, buy tickets now.




'On a Wing & a Prayer' out now

On a Wing & a Prayer: In this extraordinary true story of faith and survival, passenger Doug White’s (Dennis Quaid) harrowing journey to safely land a plane and save his entire family from insurmountable danger, after their pilot dies unexpectedly mid-flight. Watch now, yours with Prime.




Bundle & save: STARZ and MGM+ for $11.99/month

Bundle and save with a special offer: Enjoy all of STARZ and MGM+ for $11.99 per month—a 20% savings on acclaimed series, blockbuster movies, and so much more. Start your bundle today.




Give the best of Prime shopping with Amazon Gift Cards

Send an Easter eGift Card instantly: Choose your favorite Easter design, add your personal message, and deliver by email or text. Shop now




Icons, anthems, and more

Icons, anthems, and more: Music. Style. Everything in between. We’re celebrating it all for Hip-Hop’s 50th anniversary this year—and these iconic playlists are the perfect place to start. Listen now.





 
 

 
Popular stations: Top stations made for any occasion. Listen now on Amazon Music.





 
 

 
Top playlists: Chart-topping tracks curated by experts. Listen now on Amazon Music.




The latest news and more

The latest news and more: Stay up-to-date on breaking news and explore in-depth conversations on topics that matter with top podcasts from the New York Times ad-free.





 
 

 
Ad-free popular podcasts: Find your next podcast obsession by exploring top ad-free podcasts. Listen now.




Hello Kitty makes her 3D debut in this new original animated series for ages 5-8, exclusively on Amazon Kids+.

Hello Kitty makes her 3D debut in this new original animated series for ages 5-8, exclusively on Amazon Kids+. Sign up for a free trial (terms apply).




An Amazon driver holding a package while standing in front of a van.

Did you know Amazon is bringing 100,000 Rivian electric vehicles to the roads? The fleet will be fully launched by 2030 as part of Amazon’s larger commitment to achieve net-zero carbon by 2040. Click here to learn more about the innovation behind the Rivian vans.


You are receiving this newsletter as a valued Prime member, so you can learn what's new with your membership each week. If you'd like to make changes to your membership, click here.

If you no longer wish to receive this email, click here.

Please note that product prices and availability are subject to change. Prices and availability were accurate at the time this newsletter was sent; however, they may differ from those you see when you visit Amazon.com.

© 2022 Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates. All rights reserved. Amazon, Amazon.com, the Amazon.com logo, Prime, Kindle Fire, and 1-Click are registered trademarks of Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates. Amazon.com, 410 Terry Avenue N., Seattle, WA 98109-5210. Reference:711107040

Please note that this message was sent to the following e-mail address: prashant.tomar@rocketmail.com