Apple News+
Good Morning
From Apple News
It’s Saturday, March 11.
Here’s what to read this weekend.
FIVE WEEKEND READS

Article Image
Apple News+
The Children of the Nazis’ Genetic Program
Under Hitler, “pure-blooded” Germans were ordered to procreate as much as possible. Now adoptees across Europe are facing dark realizations about their origins.
THE ATLANTIC arrow

Apple News+ Audio
Chris Pine Is Done Conforming for Hollywood
The actor on the wake-up call he didn’t know he needed: “I was rich and successful … and I’m like, ‘What is it that I’m doing? And why?’”
ESQUIRE arrow

He’s Earning $64,000 a Year — and Facing Eviction
How a little pink sheet made one man question his future and the entire American dream.
THE GUARDIAN arrow

Apple News+
The Keys to an Anti-Inflammatory Diet
Which foods to eat — and which to avoid — to boost your overall health.
COOKING LIGHT arrow

Meet the Men Paying to Have Their Jaws Broken
A growing number of guys are shelling out thousands to have their jawlines reshaped, all in the name of “manliness.”
BRITISH GQ arrow
COVER STORY

Article Image
Apple News+
The Best Cars of 2023
Including several picks for under $30,000.
CONSUMER REPORTS arrow
WEEKEND PURSUITS


One thing to watch: A new Netflix docuseries tries to untangle the conspiracies surrounding the “greatest aviation mystery of all time.”
THE GUARDIAN arrow

One thing to listen to: Michelle Obama shares her best parenting tips on the first episode of her new show, The Light Podcast.
CNBC arrow

Apple News+
One thing to read: Feel like you never have enough time? This book offers a radical solution.
THE NEW YORKER arrow

Apple News+
One thing to eat: A surprising take on your grandma’s chicken-pot pie.
DELISH arrow
Game on, sports fans
Our new feature lets you follow your favorite teams for the latest scores, stats, and stories.
Try Apple News+ For Free
Apple News+
Some content requires specific hardware or software. Internet access required; data fees may apply. Content availability is subject to change. For more information, click here.

Copyright © 2023  Apple Inc. One Apple Park Way, Cupertino, California 95014 USA

Privacy Policy  |  Terms and Conditions  |  Support  |  Account
If you prefer not to receive this newsletter, you can unsubscribe.