Dear Graduate Associate Deans, Department Chairs, and Graduate Program Directors:

 

The Graduate School will host the 13th annual (4th Virtual) Graduate Research Achievement Day (GRAD) Competition during Graduate Student Appreciation Week, which spans from April 3 to April 7, 2023. The Graduate School asks for your assistance in encouraging students to participate. GRAD is a great opportunity for students to showcase their research to the campus community while learning about the great diversity of research and scholarship at Old Dominion University.

 

GRAD 2023 is a virtual poster event. Students interested in participating must submit a poster proposal that consists of the graduate student’s name, any co-authors, a project title, and a 300-word maximum abstract. The poster proposal must be submitted no later than Tuesday, February 21, at 5:00 p.m. to https://digitalcommons.odu.edu/graduateschool_achievementday2023/. Proposals that do not follow the formatting requirements or are submitted late, run the risk of not being accepted.

 

A committee appointed by the Graduate School will review each proposal and accept those to be included. Students with accepted proposals will be notified by Friday, March 10th.

 

Those selected to be presented during GRAD will follow the guidelines below to prepare their final posters.

 

A final abstract with a 300-word maximum that is free of external graphics. It will be placed in ODU Digital Commons, our institutional repository. See last year’s posters.
A digital E-Poster in PowerPoint or PDF format (up to 3MB) that we can upload into Microsoft TEAMS for judging and then into the ODU Digital Commons. (A template that you can use is attached.)
A zip file containing any additional images, videos, or other media that you would like to include on your Digital Commons GRAD poster page. If possible, we additionally ask that a voice recording of each poster be supplied to increase their accessibility.
E-Posters received in the correct format by the deadline are to be judged between April 3rd and April 7th.  Results and feedback will be available by Friday, April 14th.
 

Be sure to obtain faculty permission for all language and data included on and with your poster.  If you have sensitive data or privacy concerns, let us know. By submitting your poster, you agree to have it placed in ODU Digital Commons where it will be available openly on the Internet. You also warrant that you and your co-authors hold the copyright or have the copyright holder’s approval and that the work does not infringe any copyright.

 

Let us work together and show everyone the outstanding research and scholarship taking place at Old Dominion University! Thank you for your support!

 

If you have any questions, please contact Liza Flores, Administrative Assistant in the Graduate School at lmflores@odu.edu.

 

The Graduate School

graduateschool@odu.edu

 

Instagram: @oduthegraduateschool

Facebook: @ODUGS

LinkedIn: odugradschool

Twitter: @odu_gradschool