Dear ODU Campus Community,
I am delighted to announce the appointment of Dr. Li-Wu Chen, a renowned public health scholar, as founding dean of the proposed Joint School of Public Health, effective March 10, 2023.
 

 
Dr. Chen, a tenured full professor in the Department of Health Sciences in the School of Health Professions at University of Missouri-Columbia, has over 20 years of academic leadership experience. Prior to joining the University of Missouri-Columbia in 2020 as Chair of the Department of Health Sciences, he served as the Department Chair of Health Services Research & Administration in the College of Public Health at the University of Nebraska Medical Center (UNMC). Other recent positions include the Director of the UNMC Center for Health Policy Analysis and Rural Health Research, Deputy Director of the RUPRI Center for Rural Health Policy Analysis, and Founding Co-Director of Nebraska Public Health Practice Based Research Network. He is a member of the Board of Directors for the Missouri Institute for Community Health, member of the Health Inclusivity Index Project Steering Committee of the Economist Group’s Economic Intelligence Unit, an editorial board member of the Journal of Public Health Management & Practice and a former member of the AcademyHealth’s Education Council.
 
Dr. Chen has established a track record of scholarly work in the areas of health services and policy research, rural health research, health economics, and public health services and systems research. He has published 64 peer-reviewed journal articles, 15 policy briefs, 20 research finding briefs, 34 reports to public health agencies, and three book chapters to inform policy makers, public health practitioners, and health administrators at state, national, and international levels. Over the last 20 years, he has secured extramural grants and contracts with a total amount of more than $10.4 million as principal investigator/co-principal investigator/co-investigator and delivered more than 30 national presentations.
 
Dr. Chen earned a PhD in Health Policy and Administration from the Pennsylvania State University and a Master of Health Services Administration (MHSA) degree from the University of Michigan at Ann Arbor.
 
I offer my thanks to Dr. Bonnie Van Lunen, Dean of ODU College of Health Sciences, who chaired and brought the search to a successful conclusion. Special thanks to the search committee: Dr. Abdullah Al-Taiar, Associate Professor, ODU School of Community & Environmental Health; Dr. Jordan Asher, Executive Vice President and Chief Physician Executive at Sentara; Dr. R. Clinton Crews, Assistant Dean of Admissions and Enrollment Office at EVMS; Dr. Praveen Durgampudi, Clinical Associate Professor at ODU School of Community & Environmental Health; Dr. Leslie Hoglund, Clinical Assistant Professor at ODU School of Community & Environmental Health; Dr. Lisa Koperna, Director of ODU Monarch Physical Therapy Clinic & Senior Lecturer at ODU School of Rehabilitation Sciences; Dr. Brian Martin, Professor & Associate Dean for Administration at EVMS; Dr. Felecia Mebane, Executive Director of Public Health Initiatives at NSU; Dr. Sheila Ward, Professor, HPEEX & Project Director for the NSU Health & Wellness Initiative for Women; Dr. Alicia Moore, Associate Professor & Program Director of Health Services Management at NSU; Dr. Delores Dungee-Anderson, Dean of the NSU Strong School of Social Work; Ms. Karen Mitchell, Vice President for Patient Care Services at CHKD; Dr. Cynthia Romero, Director of the M. Foscue Brock Institute for Community and Global Health at EVMS; Dr. Harry Zhang, Professor at ODU School of Community & Environmental Health; and Dr. Nancy Welch, Director of Chesapeake Health Department. My deepest appreciation to Ms. Judy Bowman for coordinating the search and screen.
 
Please join me in congratulating Dr. Chen on his appointment as founding dean of the proposed Joint School of Public Health.  
 
Sincerely,
 
Austin O. Agho, Ph.D.
Provost and Vice President for Academic Affairs
 
 