Dear Monarch Community,

 

As we prepare for the fall 2022 opening, I want to provide an update on our plans related to COVID-19.

 

During the past two years, we have experienced many changes because of the unpredictability of the coronavirus.  COVID-19 is now considered to be one of the illnesses that we must manage as part of our everyday activities.

 

Old Dominion University will continue to monitor and adjust operations as needed to respond to changes or guidance provided by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) and the Virginia Department of Health (VDH).  Please take note of the following information and current guidance.

 

Mitigating the Risk of COVID-19

 

Student Health Services will offer COVID-19 testing for asymptomatic and symptomatic students beginning Monday, August 29, 2022.  Students may schedule a COVID-19 testing appointment via the Monarch Wellness portal at https://odu.edu/studenthealth/monarch-wellness-portal. Walk-ins are available on a first-come, first-served basis.
 

Free COVID-19 test kits may be obtained through the U.S. federal government, or you may schedule a free test at https://www.vdh.virginia.gov/coronavirus/protect-yourself/covid-19-testing/.
 

Masking is optional unless otherwise noted, such as in the Student Health Center or as part of academic program elements like clinicals that may require masks for participation.  Masks will continue to be available at locations across campus.
 

Students participating in clinical experiences and/or course labs are required to comply with the COVID-19 policies and procedures of their assigned clinical and/or lab site.  This includes compliance with any masking requirements as noted above.
 

For vaccine information, visit Vaccinate Virginia for local and regional sites.
 

Persons with a recent confirmed exposure should wear a well-fitting mask for 10 days when indoors and should receive testing at day five or greater after exposure and sooner if symptomatic: regardless of vaccination status. 
 

Managing COVID-19 

 

You are no longer required to complete a report if you test positive or believe you have been a close contact of someone who has tested positive.  We will no longer offer case management services for employees or students.  This also means that ODU will no longer publish its COVID-19 Dashboard.
 

If you test positive, do not attend classes, work, or events at ODU for five days or as long as you are sick.
 

The CDC calls for anyone who tests positive to isolate for at least five days, wear a well-fitted mask when around others for an additional five days, and notify close contacts. Visit www.cdc.gov for further information. 
 

Students should contact Student Outreach and Support at ODUCares@odu.edu for assistance with notification to instructors regarding an extended absence of a week or more due to extenuating circumstances (medical, death in immediate family, etc.).  This notification serves as a verification of extenuating circumstances; all decisions about excused absences and makeup work are made at the discretion of the instructor.
 

The ODU community continues to be resilient and flexible, while remaining committed to providing students, faculty, and staff a vibrant learning and engaging experience.  We look forward to a great fall semester!

 

REIGN ON!

Don

cid1081160760*image001.png@01D8B3B3.88CCA320

Don Stansberry, Ph.D. | Vice President | 

Old Dominion University – Division of Student Engagement & Enrollment Services 
1002 G Koch Hall |  Norfolk, VA 23529  |  ( 757.683.6085  | 7 757.683.6885 | * dstansbe@odu.edu