Dear Students,

We hope this email finds you well. We wanted to provide you with updates and reminders regarding Optional Practical Training for F1 students.

 
New!  Premium Processing Option
USCIS recently introduced a premium processing service for OPT applications, which allows applicants to expedite the processing of their applications for an additional fee of $1500.  This premium processing for an OPT application will obligate USCIS to adjudicate an OPT request within 30 days. An adjudication means an approval, denial, or request for evidence (RFE.)
We want to highlight that USCIS has been processing OPT applications in a timely manner recently, with many applications being approved within 1-2 months. In addition, for students who are eligible for STEM OPT, the regulations provide an automatic extension of 180 days of work authorization beyond the expiration of the initial EAD if the STEM extension application is timely filed (meaning it was submitted before the expiration date of the initial EAD.) The additional $1500 premium processing fee may not benefit your specific case, but it is an option.
USCIS added a question on the I-765 form, which is used for OPT and STEM OPT applications, related to the premium processing fee. The question asks whether you are requesting premium processing service and requires you to indicate whether you have paid or will pay the additional fee. It is important to note that the premium processing fee of $1500 is separate from and in addition to the regular filing fee of $410 for the I-765 form, making the total fee $1910.
You can find the full details of the OPT Premium Processing Update here and here.

If you have any questions or concerns about your OPT application or the new premium processing service, please do not hesitate to reach out to us. 

OPT I20
As a reminder, you must submit the requested documentation to our office listed on the website in order to receive your I20 with OPT/STEM recommendation, and you must upload that OPT/STEM I20 before submitting the I765.  If you do not upload the I20 before submission, you will be required to withdraw the application and re-file (and pay the fee again.)  


Please review the information we have on our website, be sure to watch the workshop and confirm that you have viewed it, and follow the samples provided.  You may submit your paperwork no more than 90 days before your program end date and no more than 30 days after your program end date to intlstu@odu.edu.  Please allow up to 10 business days for processing.  Thank you!




Please let me know if you have any questions.

Thank you,  


Visa & Immigration Service Advising (VISA) 

Center for Global Engagement  

Old Dominion University | Dragas Hall 2006




P: 757-683-4756 | 804-505-4291 (in case of an immigration emergency outside of normal business hours)

F: 757-683-5196 

odu.edu/visa | odu.edu/cge

Facebook |  Instagram  

 

Please include your UIN when you email us. 