Dear Colleagues: 

 

Robert Wojtowicz reminded us that this is Graduate Student Appreciation Week.  A series of events have been planned on campus and online. More information may be found in the attachment to this message and at this registration link: https://express.adobe.com/page/5x7JtaCVS2UNX/.

 

One way we can support our graduate students is by supporting the Monarch Food Pantry.  I learned recently that 42% of the Pantry usage in Fall 2022 was from the College of Sciences, far more than any other college.  I also learned that 55% of the Pantry users are graduate students, which is why this is related to graduate student appreciation week.  There are many ways you can support the Pantry, including ordering items from the Amazon wishlist, making a monetary donation, donating items, or sponsoring a shelf.  Please see the attached information.

Finally, I would like to remind you that we need judges for the Virginia State Science and Engineering Fair on April 15.  We need judges in a wide variety of science and engineering categories to carry out interviews and score projects during the fair. Please consider volunteering to be a judge. We need approximately 90 judges. 

 Additional information:

In 2023 the Virginia State Science and Engineering Fair will be held in person.
The fair is scheduled for Saturday, April 15, 8:00 AM - 3:00 PM EST.  Most judging will take place between 8 AM and 12 PM on Saturday morning.
Register to be a judge at  Virginia State Science and Engineering Fair (zfairs.com)
Go to "CREATE ACCOUNT" and choose "JUDGE".  Once you create your account, you will receive an email with your username and password, which will allow you to log back into the fair website and fill out a simple registration form.
Judges will be expected to attend one judge training. There will be two virtual training options: Thursday, April 6th 12:30 PM - 1:20 PM or Wednesday, April 12th 5:30 PM - 6:30 PM. 
If you have any questions, please contact Gabriel Franke in the Dean’s Office.

 

Best Regards,

Gail

 